an anatomical entity of the nematode caenorhabditis elegans .
pedigree of nuclei ,  lineal descent from p0 ,  the founder .
nucleus of pedigree p0
nucleus of embryonic cell ab .
nucleus of pedigree aba
nucleus of pedigree abal
nucleus of pedigree abala
nucleus of pedigree abalaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaal
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaala
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaalar
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaalp
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaalpa
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaar
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaarl
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaarla
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaarr
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaarra
nucleus of pedigree abalaaap
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapal
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapar
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaparl
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalaaappl
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapplr
nucleus of pedigree abalaaappr
nucleus of pedigree abalaap
nucleus of pedigree abalaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapaaal
nucleus of pedigree abalaapaap
nucleus of pedigree abalaapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapap
nucleus of pedigree abalaapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapapp
nucleus of pedigree abalaapappa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalaappa
nucleus of pedigree abalaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaappap
nucleus of pedigree abalaappp
nucleus of pedigree abalaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapppap
nucleus of pedigree abalaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abalaappppa
nucleus of pedigree abalaappppap
nucleus of pedigree abalap
nucleus of pedigree abalapa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abalapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abalapaap
nucleus of pedigree abalapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaapap
nucleus of pedigree abalapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalapaappa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaappap
nucleus of pedigree abalapap
nucleus of pedigree abalapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapapap
nucleus of pedigree abalapapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalapapapap
nucleus of pedigree abalapapp
nucleus of pedigree abalapappa
nucleus of pedigree abalapappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapappaap
nucleus of pedigree abalapappp
nucleus of pedigree abalapp
nucleus of pedigree abalappa
nucleus of pedigree abalappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalappaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalappaap
nucleus of pedigree abalappaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalappap
nucleus of pedigree abalappapa
nucleus of pedigree abalappapap
nucleus of pedigree abalappapp
nucleus of pedigree abalappp
nucleus of pedigree abalapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapppap
nucleus of pedigree abalapppapa
nucleus of pedigree abalapppapap
nucleus of pedigree abalapppp
nucleus of pedigree abalappppa
nucleus of pedigree abalappppaa
nucleus of pedigree abalappppaap
nucleus of pedigree abalappppp
nucleus of pedigree abalp
nucleus of pedigree abalpa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaap
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaapap
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaappa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaap
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapap
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpaappa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaappp
nucleus of pedigree abalpap
nucleus of pedigree abalpapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapaap
nucleus of pedigree abalpapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpapap
nucleus of pedigree abalpapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapapap
nucleus of pedigree abalpapapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpapappa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpappa
nucleus of pedigree abalpappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpappaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpappaap
nucleus of pedigree abalpappaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpappap
nucleus of pedigree abalpappp
nucleus of pedigree abalpapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapppap
nucleus of pedigree abalpapppp
nucleus of pedigree abalpp
nucleus of pedigree abalppa
nucleus of pedigree abalppaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppaaap
nucleus of pedigree abalppaap
nucleus of pedigree abalppaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalppaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalppaappa
nucleus of pedigree abalppap
nucleus of pedigree abalppapa
nucleus of pedigree abalppapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppapap
nucleus of pedigree abalppapp
nucleus of pedigree abalppappa
nucleus of pedigree abalppappp
nucleus of pedigree abalppapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalppapppap
nucleus of pedigree abalppp
nucleus of pedigree abalpppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppaap
nucleus of pedigree abalpppaapv
nucleus of pedigree abalpppap
nucleus of pedigree abalpppapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpppappa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppappp
nucleus of pedigree abalpppapppp
nucleus of pedigree abalpppp
nucleus of pedigree abalppppa
nucleus of pedigree abalppppaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppppaav
nucleus of pedigree abalppppap
nucleus of pedigree abalppppapa
nucleus of pedigree abalppppapap
nucleus of pedigree abalppppapp
nucleus of pedigree abalppppp
nucleus of pedigree abalpppppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppppp
nucleus of pedigree abalppppppa
nucleus of pedigree abalppppppap
nucleus of pedigree abalppppppp
nucleus of pedigree abar
nucleus of pedigree abara
nucleus of pedigree abaraa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abaraaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapp
nucleus of pedigree abaraaappa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaappp
nucleus of pedigree abaraap
nucleus of pedigree abaraapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraapap
nucleus of pedigree abaraapapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapapaad
nucleus of pedigree abaraapapp
nucleus of pedigree abaraapp
nucleus of pedigree abaraappa
nucleus of pedigree abaraappaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraappap
nucleus of pedigree abaraappp
nucleus of pedigree abaraapppa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapppaad
nucleus of pedigree abaraapppp
nucleus of pedigree abarap
nucleus of pedigree abarapa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abarapaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarapaap
nucleus of pedigree abarapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaapap
nucleus of pedigree abarapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarapap
nucleus of pedigree abarapapa
nucleus of pedigree abarapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapapaap
nucleus of pedigree abarapapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarapapap
nucleus of pedigree abarapapp
nucleus of pedigree abarapappa
nucleus of pedigree abarapappap
nucleus of pedigree abarapappp
nucleus of pedigree abarapp
nucleus of pedigree abarappa
nucleus of pedigree abarappaa
nucleus of pedigree abarappaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarappaaap
nucleus of pedigree abarappaap
nucleus of pedigree abarappaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarappap
nucleus of pedigree abarappapa
nucleus of pedigree abarappapap
nucleus of pedigree abarappapapa
nucleus of pedigree abarappapp
nucleus of pedigree abarappp
nucleus of pedigree abarapppa
nucleus of pedigree abarapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapppap
nucleus of pedigree abarapppp
nucleus of pedigree abarappppa
nucleus of pedigree abarappppp
nucleus of pedigree abarapppppa
nucleus of pedigree abarapppppap
nucleus of pedigree abarp
nucleus of pedigree abarpa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaap
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarpaap
nucleus of pedigree abarpaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaapap
nucleus of pedigree abarpaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarpaappa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaappp
nucleus of pedigree abarpap
nucleus of pedigree abarpapa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaap
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarpapap
nucleus of pedigree abarpapapa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapapp
nucleus of pedigree abarpapp
nucleus of pedigree abarpappa
nucleus of pedigree abarpappap
nucleus of pedigree abarpappp
nucleus of pedigree abarpp
nucleus of pedigree abarppa
nucleus of pedigree abarppaa
nucleus of pedigree abarppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarppaap
nucleus of pedigree abarppaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarppaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarppap
nucleus of pedigree abarppapa
nucleus of pedigree abarppapp
nucleus of pedigree abarppp
nucleus of pedigree abarpppa
nucleus of pedigree abarpppaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpppap
nucleus of pedigree abarpppapa
nucleus of pedigree abarpppapp
nucleus of pedigree abarpppp
nucleus of pedigree abarppppa
nucleus of pedigree abarppppp
nucleus of pedigree abp
nucleus of pedigree abpl
nucleus of pedigree abpla
nucleus of pedigree abplaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaapap
nucleus of pedigree abplaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplaap
nucleus of pedigree abplaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapaap
nucleus of pedigree abplaapap
nucleus of pedigree abplaapapa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapapp
nucleus of pedigree abplaapappp
nucleus of pedigree abplaapapppp
nucleus of pedigree abplaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplaappa
nucleus of pedigree abplaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaappap
nucleus of pedigree abplaappp
nucleus of pedigree abplaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abplap
nucleus of pedigree abplapa
nucleus of pedigree abplapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplapaap
nucleus of pedigree abplapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplapap
nucleus of pedigree abplapapa
nucleus of pedigree abplapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapapap
nucleus of pedigree abplapapp
nucleus of pedigree abplapappp
nucleus of pedigree abplapapppa
nucleus of pedigree abplapapppp
nucleus of pedigree abplapappppa
nucleus of pedigree abplapappppp
nucleus of pedigree abplapp
nucleus of pedigree abplappa
nucleus of pedigree abplappaa
nucleus of pedigree abplappaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplappaap
nucleus of pedigree abplappap
nucleus of pedigree abplappapp
nucleus of pedigree abplappp
nucleus of pedigree abplapppa
nucleus of pedigree abplapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapppaap
nucleus of pedigree abplapppap
nucleus of pedigree abplapppapa
nucleus of pedigree abplapppapp
nucleus of pedigree abplapppp
nucleus of pedigree abplappppa
nucleus of pedigree abplp
nucleus of pedigree abplpa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaappa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaappap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaappa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaappp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaappppp
nucleus of pedigree abplpap
nucleus of pedigree abplpapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapaap
nucleus of pedigree abplpapap
nucleus of pedigree abplpapapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpappa
nucleus of pedigree abplpappaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpappap
nucleus of pedigree abplpappp
nucleus of pedigree abplpapppa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapppp
nucleus of pedigree abplpp
nucleus of pedigree abplppa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplppaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplppaap
nucleus of pedigree abplppaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplppap
nucleus of pedigree abplppapa
nucleus of pedigree abplppapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppapap
nucleus of pedigree abplppapp
nucleus of pedigree abplppappa
nucleus of pedigree abplppappp
nucleus of pedigree abplppp
nucleus of pedigree abplpppa
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaap
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpppap
nucleus of pedigree abplpppapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpppapap
nucleus of pedigree abplpppapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpppp
nucleus of pedigree abplppppa
nucleus of pedigree abplppppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppppap
nucleus of pedigree abplppppp
nucleus of pedigree abplpppppa
nucleus of pedigree abplpppppp
nucleus of pedigree abplppppppp
nucleus of pedigree abpr
nucleus of pedigree abpra
nucleus of pedigree abpraa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaaapv
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaappa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaappp
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abpraaap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapaav
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapapa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapapap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapapp
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapp
nucleus of pedigree abpraaappa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaappp
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapppap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abpraap
nucleus of pedigree abpraapa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapaap
nucleus of pedigree abpraapap
nucleus of pedigree abpraapapa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapapp
nucleus of pedigree abpraapappp
nucleus of pedigree abpraapapppp
nucleus of pedigree abpraapp
nucleus of pedigree abpraappa
nucleus of pedigree abpraappaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraappap
nucleus of pedigree abpraappp
nucleus of pedigree abpraapppa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapppp
nucleus of pedigree abprap
nucleus of pedigree abprapa
nucleus of pedigree abprapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprapaap
nucleus of pedigree abprapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprapap
nucleus of pedigree abprapapa
nucleus of pedigree abprapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapapap
nucleus of pedigree abprapapp
nucleus of pedigree abprapappp
nucleus of pedigree abprapapppa
nucleus of pedigree abprapapppp
nucleus of pedigree abprapappppa
nucleus of pedigree abprapappppp
nucleus of pedigree abprapp
nucleus of pedigree abprappa
nucleus of pedigree abprappaa
nucleus of pedigree abprappaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprappaap
nucleus of pedigree abprappap
nucleus of pedigree abprappapp
nucleus of pedigree abprappp
nucleus of pedigree abprapppa
nucleus of pedigree abprapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapppaap
nucleus of pedigree abprapppap
nucleus of pedigree abprapppapa
nucleus of pedigree abprapppapp
nucleus of pedigree abprapppp
nucleus of pedigree abprappppa
nucleus of pedigree abprp
nucleus of pedigree abprpa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaappa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaappap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpaappa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaappp
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abprpaappppp
nucleus of pedigree abprpap
nucleus of pedigree abprpapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpapap
nucleus of pedigree abprpapapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpappa
nucleus of pedigree abprpappaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpappap
nucleus of pedigree abprpappp
nucleus of pedigree abprpapppa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapppp
nucleus of pedigree abprpp
nucleus of pedigree abprppa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprppaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprppaap
nucleus of pedigree abprppaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprppap
nucleus of pedigree abprppapa
nucleus of pedigree abprppapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppapap
nucleus of pedigree abprppapp
nucleus of pedigree abprppappa
nucleus of pedigree abprppappp
nucleus of pedigree abprppp
nucleus of pedigree abprpppa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppap
nucleus of pedigree abprpppapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppapap
nucleus of pedigree abprpppapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpppp
nucleus of pedigree abprppppa
nucleus of pedigree abprppppaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppppap
nucleus of pedigree abprppppp
nucleus of pedigree abprpppppa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppppaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppppp
nucleus of pedigree abprppppppp
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpppaaa
nucleus of pedigree h2l .aa
nucleus of pedigree h2r .aa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppppaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppppaad
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapaad
nucleus of pedigree abalpppapav
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaapav
nucleus of pedigree abplppaappa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaappa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapappa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapappa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaalal
nucleus of pedigree abalaapaaar
nucleus of pedigree abplpapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaapav
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaapav
nucleus of pedigree abalapppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarppaappa
nucleus of pedigree abarpppappa
nucleus of pedigree abplapappppap
nucleus of pedigree abprapappppap
nucleus of pedigree abplaapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abpraapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapapa
nucleus of pedigree qr .ap
nucleus of pedigree abalpaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaappap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaappap
nucleus of pedigree p1 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p2 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p3 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p4 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p8 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p9 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .apa
nucleus of pedigree abalppppppaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapapap
nucleus of pedigree abpraapapap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapapppa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppppppa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaappppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppapppa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppppppp
nucleus of pedigree abpraaappppp
nucleus of pedigree abalppaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalaappapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapaap
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapalr
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapprl
nucleus of pedigree abalpppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapppap
nucleus of pedigree abalapaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalappapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapapppa
nucleus of pedigree abalapppppa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapapap
nucleus of pedigree abprpapapap
nucleus of pedigree abprpappaap
nucleus of pedigree qr .paa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppppap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaappap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree b .a
nucleus of pedigree b .al
nucleus of pedigree b .ala
nucleus of pedigree b .alaa
nucleus of pedigree b .alap
nucleus of pedigree b .alapa
nucleus of pedigree b .alapaa
nucleus of pedigree b .alapaav
nucleus of pedigree b .alapap
nucleus of pedigree b .alapapa
nucleus of pedigree b .alapp
nucleus of pedigree b .alappd
nucleus of pedigree b .alappv
nucleus of pedigree b .alp
nucleus of pedigree b .alpa
nucleus of pedigree b .alpaa
nucleus of pedigree b .alpap
nucleus of pedigree b .alpapa
nucleus of pedigree b .ar
nucleus of pedigree b .ara
nucleus of pedigree b .arap
nucleus of pedigree b .arapa
nucleus of pedigree b .arapaa
nucleus of pedigree b .arapaad
nucleus of pedigree b .arapaav
nucleus of pedigree b .arapap
nucleus of pedigree b .arapapa
nucleus of pedigree b .arapapp
nucleus of pedigree b .arapp
nucleus of pedigree b .arappd
nucleus of pedigree b .arappv
nucleus of pedigree b .arp
nucleus of pedigree b .arpa
nucleus of pedigree b .arpap
nucleus of pedigree b .arpapa
nucleus of pedigree b .p
nucleus of pedigree b .pa
nucleus of pedigree b .paa
nucleus of pedigree b .pap
nucleus of pedigree b .pp
nucleus of pedigree b .ppa
nucleus of pedigree b .ppaa
nucleus of pedigree b .ppp
nucleus of pedigree b .pppa
nucleus of pedigree b .pppp
nucleus of pedigree b .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abalppappap
nucleus of pedigree abarappppap
nucleus of pedigree abarppaappp
nucleus of pedigree abarpppappp
nucleus of pedigree b_alpha .lv
nucleus of pedigree b_alpha .rv
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .l
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .ld
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .r
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .rd
nucleus of pedigree b_delta .l
nucleus of pedigree b_delta .r
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .a
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .al
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .ald
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .alv
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .ar
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .ard
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .arv
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .p
nucleus of pedigree c
nucleus of pedigree ca
nucleus of pedigree caa
nucleus of pedigree caaa
nucleus of pedigree caaaa
nucleus of pedigree caaaaa
nucleus of pedigree caaaap
nucleus of pedigree caaap
nucleus of pedigree caaapa
nucleus of pedigree caaapp
nucleus of pedigree caap
nucleus of pedigree caapa
nucleus of pedigree caapap
nucleus of pedigree caapp
nucleus of pedigree caappd
nucleus of pedigree cap
nucleus of pedigree capa
nucleus of pedigree capaa
nucleus of pedigree capaaa
nucleus of pedigree capaaaa
nucleus of pedigree capaaap
nucleus of pedigree capaap
nucleus of pedigree capaapa
nucleus of pedigree capaapp
nucleus of pedigree capap
nucleus of pedigree capapa
nucleus of pedigree capapaa
nucleus of pedigree capapap
nucleus of pedigree capapp
nucleus of pedigree capappa
nucleus of pedigree capappp
nucleus of pedigree capp
nucleus of pedigree cappa
nucleus of pedigree cappaa
nucleus of pedigree cappaaa
nucleus of pedigree cappaap
nucleus of pedigree cappap
nucleus of pedigree cappapa
nucleus of pedigree cappapp
nucleus of pedigree cappp
nucleus of pedigree capppa
nucleus of pedigree capppaa
nucleus of pedigree capppap
nucleus of pedigree capppp
nucleus of pedigree cappppd
nucleus of pedigree cappppv
nucleus of pedigree cp
nucleus of pedigree cpa
nucleus of pedigree cpaa
nucleus of pedigree cpaaa
nucleus of pedigree cpaaaa
nucleus of pedigree cpaaap
nucleus of pedigree cpaap
nucleus of pedigree cpaapa
nucleus of pedigree cpaapp
nucleus of pedigree cpap
nucleus of pedigree cpapa
nucleus of pedigree cpapaa
nucleus of pedigree cpapap
nucleus of pedigree cpapp
nucleus of pedigree cpappd
nucleus of pedigree cpp
nucleus of pedigree cppa
nucleus of pedigree cppaa
nucleus of pedigree cppaaa
nucleus of pedigree cppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree cppaaap
nucleus of pedigree cppaap
nucleus of pedigree cppaapa
nucleus of pedigree cppaapp
nucleus of pedigree cppap
nucleus of pedigree cppapa
nucleus of pedigree cppapaa
nucleus of pedigree cppapap
nucleus of pedigree cppapp
nucleus of pedigree cppappa
nucleus of pedigree cppappp
nucleus of pedigree cppp
nucleus of pedigree cpppa
nucleus of pedigree cpppaa
nucleus of pedigree cpppaaa
nucleus of pedigree cpppaap
nucleus of pedigree cpppap
nucleus of pedigree cpppapa
nucleus of pedigree cpppapp
nucleus of pedigree cpppp
nucleus of pedigree cppppa
nucleus of pedigree cppppaa
nucleus of pedigree cppppap
nucleus of pedigree cppppp
nucleus of pedigree cpppppd
nucleus of pedigree cpppppv
nucleus of pedigree p4 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p8 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalappappa
nucleus of pedigree msapapaaa
nucleus of pedigree msppapaaa
nucleus of pedigree msapapaap
nucleus of pedigree msppapaap
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .pp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapapp
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaappa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaappa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaapap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaapap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaapap
nucleus of pedigree abalapapppp
nucleus of pedigree abalapppppp
nucleus of pedigree abalppaappp
nucleus of pedigree abalaapappp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaappppa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaappppa
nucleus of pedigree p4 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p5 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p6 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p7 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p8 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree d
nucleus of pedigree da
nucleus of pedigree daa
nucleus of pedigree daaa
nucleus of pedigree daaaa
nucleus of pedigree daaap
nucleus of pedigree daap
nucleus of pedigree daapa
nucleus of pedigree daapp
nucleus of pedigree dap
nucleus of pedigree dapa
nucleus of pedigree dapaa
nucleus of pedigree dapap
nucleus of pedigree dapp
nucleus of pedigree dappa
nucleus of pedigree dappaa
nucleus of pedigree dappap
nucleus of pedigree dappp
nucleus of pedigree dapppa
nucleus of pedigree dapppp
nucleus of pedigree dp
nucleus of pedigree dpa
nucleus of pedigree dpaa
nucleus of pedigree dpaaa
nucleus of pedigree dpaap
nucleus of pedigree dpap
nucleus of pedigree dpapa
nucleus of pedigree dpapp
nucleus of pedigree dpp
nucleus of pedigree dppa
nucleus of pedigree dppaa
nucleus of pedigree dppap
nucleus of pedigree dppp
nucleus of pedigree dpppa
nucleus of pedigree dpppaa
nucleus of pedigree dpppap
nucleus of pedigree dpppp
nucleus of pedigree dppppa
nucleus of pedigree dppppp
nucleus of pedigree abprppapaap
nucleus of pedigree abplppapapa
nucleus of pedigree abprppapapa
nucleus of pedigree abplppapapp
nucleus of pedigree abprppapapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprpapappp
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abarappappa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpappapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpapappp
nucleus of pedigree abplppaappp
nucleus of pedigree abprppaappp
nucleus of pedigree abplppappap
nucleus of pedigree abprppappap
nucleus of pedigree abplppapppa
nucleus of pedigree abprppapppa
nucleus of pedigree abplppapppp
nucleus of pedigree abprppapppp
nucleus of pedigree abprppppapp
nucleus of pedigree k .p
nucleus of pedigree caapaa
nucleus of pedigree b .ppap
nucleus of pedigree b .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree e
nucleus of pedigree ea
nucleus of pedigree eal
nucleus of pedigree eala
nucleus of pedigree ealaa
nucleus of pedigree ealp
nucleus of pedigree ear
nucleus of pedigree eara
nucleus of pedigree earaa
nucleus of pedigree earp
nucleus of pedigree ep
nucleus of pedigree epl
nucleus of pedigree epla
nucleus of pedigree eplp
nucleus of pedigree eplpp
nucleus of pedigree epr
nucleus of pedigree epra
nucleus of pedigree eprp
nucleus of pedigree eprpp
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaapap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapaap
nucleus of pedigree abalpappapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree ems
nucleus of pedigree abplpappaap
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree g2 .p
nucleus of pedigree abplppppapp
nucleus of pedigree f .l
nucleus of pedigree f .ld
nucleus of pedigree f .lv
nucleus of pedigree f .lvd
nucleus of pedigree f .lvda
nucleus of pedigree f .lvdp
nucleus of pedigree f .lvv
nucleus of pedigree f .r
nucleus of pedigree f .rd
nucleus of pedigree f .rv
nucleus of pedigree f .rvd
nucleus of pedigree f .rvda
nucleus of pedigree f .rvdp
nucleus of pedigree f .rvv
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaapad
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaapad
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree mspapaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapaapa
nucleus of pedigree g2 .a
nucleus of pedigree msaapapaa
nucleus of pedigree mspapapaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaaal
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaaar
nucleus of pedigree msapaaaad
nucleus of pedigree msppaaaad
nucleus of pedigree msapaaaav
nucleus of pedigree msppaaaav
nucleus of pedigree z1 .aa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .pp
nucleus of pedigree abplaaappa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapppa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaappp
nucleus of pedigree h1l .a
nucleus of pedigree h1l .aa
nucleus of pedigree h1l .ap
nucleus of pedigree h1l .apa
nucleus of pedigree h1l .app
nucleus of pedigree h1l .appa
nucleus of pedigree h1l .appp
nucleus of pedigree h1l .p
nucleus of pedigree abarpapppp
nucleus of pedigree h1r .a
nucleus of pedigree h1r .aa
nucleus of pedigree h1r .ap
nucleus of pedigree h1r .apa
nucleus of pedigree h1r .app
nucleus of pedigree h1r .appa
nucleus of pedigree h1r .appp
nucleus of pedigree h1r .p
nucleus of pedigree abarppaaap
nucleus of pedigree h2l .a
nucleus of pedigree h2l .ap
nucleus of pedigree h2l .p
nucleus of pedigree h2l .pa
nucleus of pedigree h2l .pp
nucleus of pedigree h2l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree h2l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree h2l .pppa
nucleus of pedigree h2l .pppp
nucleus of pedigree abarpppaap
nucleus of pedigree h2r .a
nucleus of pedigree h2r .ap
nucleus of pedigree h2r .p
nucleus of pedigree h2r .pa
nucleus of pedigree h2r .pp
nucleus of pedigree h2r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree h2r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree h2r .pppa
nucleus of pedigree h2r .pppp
nucleus of pedigree msappaaa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .pppa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .ppap
nucleus of pedigree p10 .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree p10 .ppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapppappa
nucleus of pedigree abprapppappa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapppa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abarappaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapppp
nucleus of pedigree abalpapaaap
nucleus of pedigree cpappv
nucleus of pedigree p12 .pa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpappaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarapapaapa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapapapp
nucleus of pedigree mspaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapappaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalappppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaappppaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapppppaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapappap
nucleus of pedigree abalappppap
nucleus of pedigree abalapaappp
nucleus of pedigree abalaappppp
nucleus of pedigree abalppapppp
nucleus of pedigree abarapppppp
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaparr
nucleus of pedigree abalaaappll
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaalpp
nucleus of pedigree abalaapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalppapaap
nucleus of pedigree abarapppaap
nucleus of pedigree abplaapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abpraapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapall
nucleus of pedigree abalaaapprr
nucleus of pedigree abalppapapp
nucleus of pedigree abarapppapp
nucleus of pedigree ealaad
nucleus of pedigree earaad
nucleus of pedigree ealaav
nucleus of pedigree earaav
nucleus of pedigree earpa
nucleus of pedigree ealpa
nucleus of pedigree earap
nucleus of pedigree e .arapa
nucleus of pedigree e .arapp
nucleus of pedigree ealap
nucleus of pedigree e .alapa
nucleus of pedigree e .alapp
nucleus of pedigree epraa
nucleus of pedigree e .praaa
nucleus of pedigree e .praap
nucleus of pedigree eplaa
nucleus of pedigree e .plaaa
nucleus of pedigree e .plaap
nucleus of pedigree ealpp
nucleus of pedigree e .alppa
nucleus of pedigree e .alppp
nucleus of pedigree earpp
nucleus of pedigree e .arppa
nucleus of pedigree e .arppp
nucleus of pedigree eplap
nucleus of pedigree e .plapa
nucleus of pedigree e .plapp
nucleus of pedigree eprap
nucleus of pedigree e .prapa
nucleus of pedigree e .prapp
nucleus of pedigree eplpa
nucleus of pedigree e .plpaa
nucleus of pedigree e .plpap
nucleus of pedigree eprpa
nucleus of pedigree e .prpaa
nucleus of pedigree e .prpap
nucleus of pedigree eplppa
nucleus of pedigree e .plppaa
nucleus of pedigree e .plppap
nucleus of pedigree eprppa
nucleus of pedigree e .prppaa
nucleus of pedigree e .prppap
nucleus of pedigree eplppp
nucleus of pedigree e .plpppa
nucleus of pedigree e .plpppp
nucleus of pedigree eprppp
nucleus of pedigree e .prpppa
nucleus of pedigree e .prpppp
nucleus of pedigree abplpapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapppap
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaapap
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaapap
nucleus of pedigree msapaapp
nucleus of pedigree m .d
nucleus of pedigree m .dl
nucleus of pedigree m .dla
nucleus of pedigree m .dlaa
nucleus of pedigree m .dlap
nucleus of pedigree m .dlp
nucleus of pedigree m .dlpa
nucleus of pedigree m .dlpp
nucleus of pedigree m .dr
nucleus of pedigree m .dra
nucleus of pedigree m .draa
nucleus of pedigree m .drap
nucleus of pedigree m .drp
nucleus of pedigree m .drpa
nucleus of pedigree m .drpp
nucleus of pedigree m .v
nucleus of pedigree m .vl
nucleus of pedigree m .vla
nucleus of pedigree m .vlaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlap
nucleus of pedigree m .vlp
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaaaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaaaap
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaaap
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaaapa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaaapp
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaap
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaapa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaapaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaapap
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaapp
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaappa
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaappp
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpap
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpp
nucleus of pedigree m .vr
nucleus of pedigree m .vra
nucleus of pedigree m .vraa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrap
nucleus of pedigree m .vrp
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaaaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaaaap
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaaap
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaaapa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaaapp
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaap
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaapa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaapaa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaapap
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaapp
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaappa
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaappp
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpap
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpp
nucleus of pedigree mspaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraappaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraappapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapappa
nucleus of pedigree abarapaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abaraappppa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abarapaaaap
nucleus of pedigree msaaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapapp
nucleus of pedigree abaraapappp
nucleus of pedigree abarapaappa
nucleus of pedigree abaraappppp
nucleus of pedigree abalpappppp
nucleus of pedigree abarapapppp
nucleus of pedigree mspaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree mspaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree msaaapaap
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapapp
nucleus of pedigree msaapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspaaapap
nucleus of pedigree msaaaapap
nucleus of pedigree mspaaappa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapapap
nucleus of pedigree abaraapppap
nucleus of pedigree msaapaaap
nucleus of pedigree mspapaaap
nucleus of pedigree mspaaappp
nucleus of pedigree msaapappa
nucleus of pedigree mspapappa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaappp
nucleus of pedigree msaapaapp
nucleus of pedigree mspapaapp
nucleus of pedigree msaaapapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpaapapa
nucleus of pedigree abaraaapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpappppa
nucleus of pedigree abaraapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abaraappapp
nucleus of pedigree abarapapppa
nucleus of pedigree msaaapapa
nucleus of pedigree mspaapapa
nucleus of pedigree abalpappapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpaaappp
nucleus of pedigree abarapaappp
nucleus of pedigree abaraappaaa
nucleus of pedigree ms
nucleus of pedigree msa
nucleus of pedigree msaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaap
nucleus of pedigree msaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree msaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree msaaaappa
nucleus of pedigree msaaap
nucleus of pedigree msaaapa
nucleus of pedigree msaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaapap
nucleus of pedigree msaaapp
nucleus of pedigree msaaappa
nucleus of pedigree msaap
nucleus of pedigree msaapa
nucleus of pedigree msaapaa
nucleus of pedigree msaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree msaapaap
nucleus of pedigree msaapaapa
nucleus of pedigree msaapaapap
nucleus of pedigree msaapap
nucleus of pedigree msaapapa
nucleus of pedigree msaapapap
nucleus of pedigree msaapapp
nucleus of pedigree msaapp
nucleus of pedigree msaappa
nucleus of pedigree msaappp
nucleus of pedigree msaapppa
nucleus of pedigree msaapppaa
nucleus of pedigree msaapppap
nucleus of pedigree msaapppp
nucleus of pedigree msaappppa
nucleus of pedigree msaappppp
nucleus of pedigree msap
nucleus of pedigree msapa
nucleus of pedigree msapaa
nucleus of pedigree msapaaa
nucleus of pedigree msapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree msapaaap
nucleus of pedigree msapaap
nucleus of pedigree msapaapa
nucleus of pedigree msapap
nucleus of pedigree msapapa
nucleus of pedigree msapapaa
nucleus of pedigree msapapap
nucleus of pedigree msapapp
nucleus of pedigree msapappa
nucleus of pedigree msapappp
nucleus of pedigree msapp
nucleus of pedigree msappa
nucleus of pedigree msappaa
nucleus of pedigree msappap
nucleus of pedigree msappapa
nucleus of pedigree msappapp
nucleus of pedigree msappp
nucleus of pedigree msapppa
nucleus of pedigree msapppaa
nucleus of pedigree msapppap
nucleus of pedigree msapppp
nucleus of pedigree msappppa
nucleus of pedigree msappppp
nucleus of pedigree msp
nucleus of pedigree mspa
nucleus of pedigree mspaa
nucleus of pedigree mspaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspaaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree mspaaaap
nucleus of pedigree mspaaap
nucleus of pedigree mspaaapa
nucleus of pedigree mspaaapp
nucleus of pedigree mspaap
nucleus of pedigree mspaapa
nucleus of pedigree mspaapaa
nucleus of pedigree mspaapaap
nucleus of pedigree mspaapap
nucleus of pedigree mspaapp
nucleus of pedigree mspap
nucleus of pedigree mspapa
nucleus of pedigree mspapaa
nucleus of pedigree mspapaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspapaap
nucleus of pedigree mspapaapa
nucleus of pedigree mspapaapap
nucleus of pedigree mspapap
nucleus of pedigree mspapapa
nucleus of pedigree mspapapap
nucleus of pedigree mspapapp
nucleus of pedigree mspapp
nucleus of pedigree mspappa
nucleus of pedigree mspappaa
nucleus of pedigree mspappap
nucleus of pedigree mspappp
nucleus of pedigree mspapppa
nucleus of pedigree mspapppaa
nucleus of pedigree mspapppap
nucleus of pedigree mspapppp
nucleus of pedigree mspappppa
nucleus of pedigree mspappppp
nucleus of pedigree mspp
nucleus of pedigree msppa
nucleus of pedigree msppaa
nucleus of pedigree msppaaa
nucleus of pedigree msppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree msppaaap
nucleus of pedigree msppaap
nucleus of pedigree msppaapa
nucleus of pedigree msppap
nucleus of pedigree msppapa
nucleus of pedigree msppapaa
nucleus of pedigree msppapap
nucleus of pedigree msppapp
nucleus of pedigree msppappa
nucleus of pedigree msppappp
nucleus of pedigree msppp
nucleus of pedigree mspppa
nucleus of pedigree mspppaa
nucleus of pedigree mspppaaa
nucleus of pedigree mspppap
nucleus of pedigree mspppapa
nucleus of pedigree mspppapp
nucleus of pedigree mspppp
nucleus of pedigree msppppa
nucleus of pedigree msppppaa
nucleus of pedigree msppppap
nucleus of pedigree msppppp
nucleus of pedigree mspppppa
nucleus of pedigree mspppppp
nucleus of pedigree abplpppppap
nucleus of pedigree abplpppppaa
nucleus of pedigree msppaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpppppap
nucleus of pedigree abaraapapaav
nucleus of pedigree abaraapppaav
nucleus of pedigree abalppppapaa
nucleus of pedigree abpraaapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppaapd
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaaapd
nucleus of pedigree abalapaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalappappp
nucleus of pedigree abalapapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapppapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaaapa
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppaaap
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaaaap
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaaaal
nucleus of pedigree abarpaaaaar
nucleus of pedigree abalppaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalaappapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaappaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaappaa
nucleus of embryonic cell psub1
nucleus of pedigree p1 .a
nucleus of pedigree p1 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p1 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p1 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p1 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p1 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p1 .p
nucleus of embryonic cell psub2
nucleus of pedigree p2 .a
nucleus of pedigree p2 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p2 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p2 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p2 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p2 .p
nucleus of embryonic cell psub3
nucleus of pedigree p3 .a
nucleus of pedigree p3 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p3 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p3 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p3 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p3 .p
nucleus of pedigree p3 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p3 .pp
nucleus of embryonic cell psub4
nucleus of pedigree p4 .a
nucleus of pedigree p4 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p4 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p4 .ap
nucleus of post - embryonic pedigree p4 .p .
nucleus of pedigree p4 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p4 .pp
nucleus of pedigree p5 .a
nucleus of pedigree p5 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p5 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p5 .p
nucleus of pedigree p5 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .paa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .paaa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .paap
nucleus of pedigree p5 .pap
nucleus of pedigree p5 .papa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .papp
nucleus of pedigree p5 .pp
nucleus of pedigree p5 .ppa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .ppal
nucleus of pedigree p5 .ppar
nucleus of pedigree p5 .ppp
nucleus of pedigree p6 .a
nucleus of pedigree p6 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p6 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p6 .p
nucleus of pedigree p6 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .paa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .paal
nucleus of pedigree p6 .paar
nucleus of pedigree p6 .pap
nucleus of pedigree p6 .papl
nucleus of pedigree p6 .papr
nucleus of pedigree p6 .pp
nucleus of pedigree p6 .ppa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .ppal
nucleus of pedigree p6 .ppar
nucleus of pedigree p6 .ppp
nucleus of pedigree p6 .pppl
nucleus of pedigree p6 .pppr
nucleus of pedigree p7 .a
nucleus of pedigree p7 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p7 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p7 .p
nucleus of pedigree p7 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .paa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .pap
nucleus of pedigree p7 .papl
nucleus of pedigree p7 .papr
nucleus of pedigree p7 .pp
nucleus of pedigree p7 .ppa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .ppaa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .ppap
nucleus of pedigree p7 .ppp
nucleus of pedigree p7 .pppa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .pppp
nucleus of pedigree p8 .a
nucleus of pedigree p8 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p8 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p8 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p8 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p8 .p
nucleus of pedigree p8 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p8 .pp
nucleus of pedigree p9 .a
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p9 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p9 .p
nucleus of pedigree p10 .a
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p10 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p10 .p
nucleus of pedigree p10 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .paa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .paaa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .paap
nucleus of pedigree p10 .pap
nucleus of pedigree p10 .papa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .papp
nucleus of pedigree p10 .pp
nucleus of pedigree p10 .ppa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .ppp
nucleus of pedigree p10 .pppp
nucleus of pedigree abplapappa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .a
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p11 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p11 .p
nucleus of pedigree abprapappa
nucleus of pedigree p12 .a
nucleus of pedigree p12 .aa
nucleus of pedigree p12 .aaa
nucleus of pedigree p12 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p12 .aap
nucleus of pedigree p12 .ap
nucleus of pedigree p12 .p
nucleus of pedigree p12 .pp
nucleus of pedigree b .arpaaa
nucleus of pedigree b .alpaaa
nucleus of pedigree p12 .apa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .papa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .paaa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .paaa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .papp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .papp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .papa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .papa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .papp
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaapp
nucleus of pedigree abplapppappp
nucleus of pedigree abprapppappp
nucleus of pedigree tl .pppaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .pppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpppapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppapaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .paa
nucleus of pedigree tr .paa
nucleus of pedigree tl .pap
nucleus of pedigree tr .pap
nucleus of pedigree abplapappppaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapappppaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .pppap
nucleus of pedigree tr .pppap
nucleus of pedigree ql .ap
nucleus of pedigree abplpppaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpppaapaa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .paapa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .paapa
nucleus of pedigree ql .paa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appp
nucleus of pedigree tr .appp
nucleus of pedigree abplppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplapppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprapppaaa
nucleus of pedigree caappv
nucleus of pedigree abplpappppa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .paaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .ppa
nucleus of pedigree tr .ppa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .paap
nucleus of pedigree p10 .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree abplapapaaa
nucleus of pedigree ql .a
nucleus of pedigree ql .aa
nucleus of pedigree ql .p
nucleus of pedigree ql .pa
nucleus of pedigree ql .pp
nucleus of pedigree abprapapaaa
nucleus of pedigree qr .a
nucleus of pedigree qr .aa
nucleus of pedigree qr .p
nucleus of pedigree qr .pa
nucleus of pedigree qr .pp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppapa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppapa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppapp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppapp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapapa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapapa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapapp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapapp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppapa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppapa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppapp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppapp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapapa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapapa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapapp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapapp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppapa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppapa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppapp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppapp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppaaa .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppaapa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppaapa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppaapp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppaapp
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappaaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappapa
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappapp
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaaapa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaaapp
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapapa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpappppp
nucleus of pedigree k .a
nucleus of pedigree abplppppaap
nucleus of pedigree abprppppaap
nucleus of pedigree abalapaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalaapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaappap
nucleus of pedigree abprpaappap
nucleus of pedigree abplppaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprppaaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abalappaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplppapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abprppapaaap
nucleus of pedigree abplppappaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppappaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpappaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaapap
nucleus of pedigree abprppaapap
nucleus of pedigree abalpapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarappaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapppaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpappapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpapapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarappapaa
nucleus of pedigree abalpppapad
nucleus of pedigree abpraaaapad
nucleus of pedigree abalppapaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarapppaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalapppaap
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaarlp
nucleus of pedigree abalaaaarrp
nucleus of pedigree abplpappaaa
nucleus of pedigree g2 .al
nucleus of pedigree g2 .ar
nucleus of pedigree abplapaaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprapaaapp
nucleus of pedigree g1 .l
nucleus of pedigree g1 .r
nucleus of pedigree abalppapapa
nucleus of pedigree abarapppapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplppapaap
nucleus of pedigree abplppapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree ql .pap
nucleus of pedigree qr .pap
nucleus of pedigree abplpapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapappa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapappa
nucleus of pedigree abplppaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpapaapp
nucleus of pedigree abprpapaapp
nucleus of pedigree m .dlpaa
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .a
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .aa
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .aaa
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .aap
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .ap
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .apa
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .app
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .p
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .pa
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .paa
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .pap
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .pp
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree sm1l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree m .drpaa
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .a
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .aa
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .aaa
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .aap
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .ap
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .apa
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .app
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .p
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .pa
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .paa
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .pap
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .pp
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree sm1r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree m .dlpap
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .a
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .aa
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .aaa
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .aap
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .ap
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .apa
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .app
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .p
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .pa
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .paa
nucleus of pedigree sm2l .pap
nucleus of pedigree m .drpap
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .a
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .aa
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .aaa
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .aap
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .ap
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .apa
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .app
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .p
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .pa
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .paa
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .pap
nucleus of pedigree sm2r .pp
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .a
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .aa
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .aaa
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .aap
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .ap
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .apa
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .app
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .p
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .pa
nucleus of pedigree sm3l .pp
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .a
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .aa
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .aaa
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .aap
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .ap
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .apa
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .app
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .p
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .pa
nucleus of pedigree sm3r .pp
nucleus of pedigree abalpapapapp
nucleus of pedigree abarappapapp
nucleus of pedigree abalpapappp
nucleus of pedigree abarappappp
nucleus of pedigree abplpapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abalppappaa
nucleus of pedigree abarappppaa
nucleus of pedigree b .alpaap
nucleus of pedigree b .arpaap
nucleus of pedigree b .alpapaa
nucleus of pedigree b .arpapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprppppppa
nucleus of pedigree abplppppppa
nucleus of pedigree b .alpapap
nucleus of pedigree b .arpapap
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .ldp
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .rdp
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .pl
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma .pr
nucleus of pedigree b_alpha .ld
nucleus of pedigree b_alpha .rd
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .lv
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .rv
nucleus of pedigree b .alpapp
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .lda
nucleus of pedigree b_beta .rda
nucleus of pedigree abplappppp
nucleus of pedigree tl .a
nucleus of pedigree tl .aa
nucleus of pedigree tl .ap
nucleus of pedigree tl .apa
nucleus of pedigree tl .apaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .apap
nucleus of pedigree tl .apapp
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappa
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappaap
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappap
nucleus of pedigree tl .apappp
nucleus of pedigree tl .app
nucleus of pedigree tl .appa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaaaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaaaap
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaaap
nucleus of pedigree tl .appaap
nucleus of pedigree tl .appap
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapaa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapaap
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapap
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapp
nucleus of pedigree tl .p
nucleus of pedigree tl .pa
nucleus of pedigree tl .pp
nucleus of pedigree tl .ppp
nucleus of pedigree tl .pppa
nucleus of pedigree tl .pppp
nucleus of pedigree abprappppp
nucleus of pedigree tr .a
nucleus of pedigree tr .aa
nucleus of pedigree tr .ap
nucleus of pedigree tr .apa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apap
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappaap
nucleus of pedigree tr .app
nucleus of pedigree tr .appa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaaaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaap
nucleus of pedigree tr .p
nucleus of pedigree tr .pa
nucleus of pedigree tr .pp
nucleus of pedigree tr .ppp
nucleus of pedigree tr .pppa
nucleus of pedigree tr .pppp
nucleus of pedigree abplppppapa
nucleus of pedigree u .l
nucleus of pedigree u .la
nucleus of pedigree u .laa
nucleus of pedigree u .lap
nucleus of pedigree u .r
nucleus of pedigree u .ra
nucleus of pedigree u .raa
nucleus of pedigree u .rap
nucleus of pedigree u .rp
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abplaapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abpraapaapa
nucleus of pedigree abplaaaaappp
nucleus of pedigree abarpapaappp
nucleus of pedigree abalapapapp
nucleus of pedigree abalapppapp
nucleus of pedigree abplpaaappp
nucleus of pedigree abprpaaappp
nucleus of pedigree abarppapaa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .a
nucleus of pedigree v1l .p
nucleus of pedigree v1l .pa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .paa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .pap
nucleus of pedigree v1l .papa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .papp
nucleus of pedigree v1l .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v1l .pp
nucleus of pedigree v1l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v1l .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v1l .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v1l .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abarppppaa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .a
nucleus of pedigree v1r .p
nucleus of pedigree v1r .pa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .paa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .pap
nucleus of pedigree v1r .papa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .papp
nucleus of pedigree v1r .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v1r .pp
nucleus of pedigree v1r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v1r .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v1r .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v1r .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abarppapap
nucleus of pedigree v2l .a
nucleus of pedigree v2l .p
nucleus of pedigree v2l .pa
nucleus of pedigree v2l .paa
nucleus of pedigree v2l .pap
nucleus of pedigree v2l .papa
nucleus of pedigree v2l .papp
nucleus of pedigree v2l .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v2l .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v2l .pp
nucleus of pedigree v2l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v2l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v2l .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v2l .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v2l .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v2l .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abarppppap
nucleus of pedigree v2r .a
nucleus of pedigree v2r .p
nucleus of pedigree v2r .pa
nucleus of pedigree v2r .paa
nucleus of pedigree v2r .pap
nucleus of pedigree v2r .papa
nucleus of pedigree v2r .papp
nucleus of pedigree v2r .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v2r .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v2r .pp
nucleus of pedigree v2r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v2r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v2r .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v2r .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v2r .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v2r .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abplappapa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .a
nucleus of pedigree v3l .p
nucleus of pedigree v3l .pa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .paa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .pap
nucleus of pedigree v3l .papa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .papp
nucleus of pedigree v3l .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v3l .pp
nucleus of pedigree v3l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v3l .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v3l .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v3l .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abprappapa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .a
nucleus of pedigree v3r .p
nucleus of pedigree v3r .pa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .paa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .pap
nucleus of pedigree v3r .papa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .papp
nucleus of pedigree v3r .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v3r .pp
nucleus of pedigree v3r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v3r .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v3r .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v3r .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abarppappa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .a
nucleus of pedigree v4l .p
nucleus of pedigree v4l .pa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .paa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .pap
nucleus of pedigree v4l .papa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .papp
nucleus of pedigree v4l .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v4l .pp
nucleus of pedigree v4l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v4l .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v4l .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v4l .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abarpppppa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .a
nucleus of pedigree v4r .p
nucleus of pedigree v4r .pa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .paa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .pap
nucleus of pedigree v4r .papa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .papp
nucleus of pedigree v4r .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v4r .pp
nucleus of pedigree v4r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v4r .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v4r .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v4r .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree abplapapaap
nucleus of pedigree v5l .a
nucleus of pedigree v5l .p
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .paa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .paap
nucleus of pedigree v5l .paapp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pap
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppaa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppap
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppapa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppapp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppaa
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppaap
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppap
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppppp
nucleus of pedigree abprapapaap
nucleus of pedigree v5r .a
nucleus of pedigree v5r .p
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .paa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .paap
nucleus of pedigree v5r .paapp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pap
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppaa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppap
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppapa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppapp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppaa
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppaap
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppap
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppppp
nucleus of pedigree abarppappp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .a
nucleus of pedigree v6l .p
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .paa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapaap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papapp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppaap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papppp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapaap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppapp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppaaap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppaap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppaap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppap
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppppp
nucleus of pedigree abarpppppp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .a
nucleus of pedigree v6r .p
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .paa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapaap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papapp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pappa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pappp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppaap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papppp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapaap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppapp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppaaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppaaap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppaap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppp
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppaa
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppaap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppap
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppppp
nucleus of pedigree w .pa
nucleus of pedigree p2 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p3 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p4 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p5 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p6 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p7 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p8 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p12 .aaaa
nucleus of pedigree p1 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree w .aap
nucleus of pedigree p2 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p3 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p4 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p5 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p6 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p7 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p8 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aaap
nucleus of pedigree p4 .aap
nucleus of pedigree w .pp
nucleus of pedigree p1 .app
nucleus of pedigree p2 .app
nucleus of pedigree p3 .app
nucleus of pedigree p4 .app
nucleus of pedigree p5 .app
nucleus of pedigree p6 .app
nucleus of pedigree p7 .app
nucleus of pedigree p8 .app
nucleus of pedigree p9 .app
nucleus of pedigree p10 .app
nucleus of pedigree p11 .app
nucleus of pedigree p12 .app
nucleus of pedigree abprpappppp
nucleus of pedigree abprpappppa
nucleus of pedigree mspaapapp
nucleus of pedigree msaapappp
nucleus of pedigree mspapappp
nucleus of pedigree msaappaa
nucleus of pedigree msaaappp
nucleus of pedigree msaappap
nucleus of pedigree abprapaapa
nucleus of pedigree w .a
nucleus of pedigree w .aa
nucleus of pedigree w .aaa
nucleus of pedigree w .ap
nucleus of pedigree w .p
nucleus of pedigree abplaaapaa
nucleus of pedigree abarpappaa
nucleus of pedigree y .p
nucleus of pedigree y .pl
nucleus of pedigree y .pla
nucleus of pedigree y .plaa
nucleus of pedigree y .plap
nucleus of pedigree y .plp
nucleus of pedigree y .plpa
nucleus of pedigree y .plpp
nucleus of pedigree y .plppv
nucleus of pedigree y .pr
nucleus of pedigree y .pra
nucleus of pedigree y .praa
nucleus of pedigree y .prap
nucleus of pedigree y .prp
nucleus of pedigree y .prpa
nucleus of pedigree y .prpp
nucleus of pedigree y .prppd
nucleus of pedigree y .prppv
nucleus of pedigree mspppaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .a in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .app
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppaaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppaaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppaapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppaapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppapaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppapap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .apppp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appppa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .appppp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .p
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paaa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paaapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paaapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paap in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapp in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappaaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappaaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappaapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappaapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappapaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappapap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paappp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapppa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paapppp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaaad
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaaav
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaapaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaapap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaapd
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papaapv
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papappa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papappaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papappap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papappp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapppa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papapppp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappaaaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappaaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappaap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappaapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappaapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappapa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappapaa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappapap
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappappa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappappp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papppa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papppad
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papppav
nucleus of pedigree z1 .papppp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappppd
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappppv
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaaaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaaap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaapa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaapp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaappa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaappp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapaaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapaap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapapa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapapp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppappd ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppappv ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppaad ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppaav ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppapd ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppapv ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppppa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppppad ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppppav ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppppp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppppa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppppaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppppap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pppppp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppppppa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppppppp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree psub4 .p
nucleus of pedigree psub4 .a
nucleus of pedigree msappaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .a
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaaa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa [ a / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa [ p / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaaap ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaaap [ a / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaaap [ p / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaap ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaapd ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaaapv ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaap ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaapa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaapad ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaapav ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaapp ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaappd ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaappv ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] a ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] ad ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] av ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] p ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pa [ a / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pa [ p / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pp ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pp [ a / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pp [ p / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] a ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] aa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] aa [ a / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] aa [ p / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] ap ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] ap [ a / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] ap [ p / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ a / l ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ a / l ] a ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ a / l ] p ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ p / r ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ p / r ] a ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ p / r ] p ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .ap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaaaad
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaaaav
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaaapd
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaaapv
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaappa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaappaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaappap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaappp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapppa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apaapppp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapaaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapaaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapaapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapaapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapapaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapapap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapappa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapappp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apappa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apappad
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apappav
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apappp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapppd
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apapppv
nucleus of pedigree z4 .app
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaaaa .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaappa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaappaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaappap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaappp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapppa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaapppp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appapaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appapap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appappa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appappp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apppa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apppaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .apppaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .p in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .pa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaaaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaappa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaappaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaappap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaappp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapppa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paaapppp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paapa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paapaa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paapap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paapp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paappa
nucleus of pedigree z4 .paappp
nucleus of pedigree z4 .pap
nucleus of pedigree y
nucleus of pedigree y .a
nucleus of pedigree b
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer four ,  left subventral .
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer three ,  right subventral .
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer three ,  dorsal .
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer three ,  left subventral .
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer two ,  dorsal .
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer two ,  right subventral .
neuron class of two pharyngeal motor neurons .
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer two ,  left subventral .
neuron class of two marginal cell neuron of the pharynx .
neuron class of two pharyngeal interneuron .
neuron class of two pharyngeal interneuron .
neuron class of one pharyngeal motor neuron / interneuron .
neuron class of two pharyngeal neurosecretory - motor neurons .
interneuron of the pharyngeal nervous system .
a variety of very different cell types which share cytoplasmic features  ( such as large membrane - bound granules )  that suggest a role in secretion ,  thus termed gland cells .
cell of epithelium ,  the layer of cells that cover the external surface of an organism as well as forming an inner lining between the tissues and organs of that organism and the external environment .
a type of pharyngeal cell that connects basement membrane to the apices of triangle - shaped pharyngeal lumen .
contractile cell that makes up muscle tissue .
major cell type of nervous tissue ,  specialized for transmission of information in the form of patterns of impulses .
the feeding organ ,  a neuro - muscular pump in the head of the animal ,  used to ingest food ,  bacteria suspended in liquid ,  filter them out ,  grind them up and transport posteriorly into the instestine .
pharyngeal epithelial cells
nucleus of pedigree msaaaaapap .
nucleus in g1 gland cell
marginal cell ,  type 3 .
marginal cell ,  type 2 .
marginal cell ,  type 1 .
postembryonic blast cell ,  excretory socket in l1 ,  g2 .p becomes socket later
posterior segment of pharyngeal corpus .
postembryonic blast cell ,  excretory socket in embryo
anterior section of pharyngeal corpus .
pharyngeal epithelial cell ,  type 3 .
pharyngeal epithelial cell ,  type 2 .
pharyngeal epithelial cell ,  type 1 .
seventh pharyngeal muscle cell layer
sixth pharyngeal muscle cell layer
the last ,  posterior bulb of the pharynx .
the first ,  anterior bulb of the pharynx .
a section of pharynx of which muscles contract with a peristaltic motion .
pharyngeal muscle cell syncytium ,  layer five ,  right subventral .
pharyngeal muscle cell syncytium ,  layer five ,  dorsal .
fifth pharyngeal muscle cell layer
pharyngeal muscle cell syncytium ,  layer five ,  left subventral .
fourth pharyngeal muscle cell layer
third pharyngeal muscle cell layer
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer four ,  right subventral .
second layer pharyngeal muscle cell .
pharyngeal muscle syncytium cell ,  layer four ,  dorsal .
first layer pharyngeal muscle cell .
neuron class of two pharyngeal motoneurons .
a collection of cells or cell groups that collectively perform a function
ventral uterus ,  cell of pedigree z4 .aappppa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ,  cell of pedigree z4 .aapppaa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aappapp  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ,  cell of pedigree z4 .aappapa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut3 .
ventral uterus ,  cell of pedigree z4 .aappaap  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut2 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aappaaa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut1 syncytium .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapapv  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapapd  ( 5l )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapaav  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapaad  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppppppp  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppppppa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut3 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pppppap  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut2 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppppav  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppppad  ( 5l )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pppapv  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pppapd  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pppaav  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pppaad  ( 5l )  .
caudal longitudinal male muscle
posterior inner longitudinal male muscle
anterior inner longitudinal male muscle
posterior outer longitudinal male muscle
anterior outer longitudinal male muscle
caudal longitudinal male muscle
posterior inner longitudinal male muscle
anterior inner longitudinal male muscle
posterior outer longitudinal male muscle
anterior outer longitudinal male muscle
gubernaculum retractor
gubernaculum retractor
gubernaculum erector
gubernaculum erector
male specific neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles
male specific neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles
male specific neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles
male specific neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles
male specific cell ,  not reconstructed
male specific cell ,  not reconstructed
male specific cell ,  not reconstructed
embryonic founder cell
neuron ,  process runs along excretory canal and into ring ,  unique darkly staining synaptic vesicles
neuron ,  process runs along excretory canal and into ring ,  unique darkly staining synaptic vesicles
right intestinal muscle cell ,  attach to intestine and body wall anterior to anus
neuron ,  ciliated ending in head ,  no supporting cells ,  associated with ilso
neuron ,  ciliated ending in head ,  no supporting cells ,  associated with ilso
rectal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell in male
amphid wing cells ,  neurons having ciliated sheet - like sensory endings closely associated with amphid sheath
amphid wing cells ,  neurons having ciliated sheet - like sensory endings closely associated with amphid sheath
amphid wing cells ,  neurons having ciliated sheet - like sensory endings closely associated with amphid sheath
amphid wing cells ,  neurons having ciliated sheet - like sensory endings closely associated with amphid sheath
amphid wing cells ,  neurons having ciliated sheet - like sensory endings closely associated with amphid sheath
amphid wing cells ,  neurons having ciliated sheet - like sensory endings closely associated with amphid sheath
neuron class of one sensory neuron ,  anterior ventral microtubule cell ,  touch receptor .
left intestinal muscle cell ,  attach to intestine and body wall anterior to anus
neuron class of one ring and ventral cord interneuron ,  few synapses .
ring and ventral cord interneuron .
ring and ventral cord interneuron .
neuron ,  synapses like avhl / r
neuron ,  synapses like avhl / r
neuron ,  mainly postsynaptic in ventral cord and presynaptic in the ring
neuron ,  mainly postsynaptic in ventral cord and presynaptic in the ring
neuron class of one ventral cord interneuron ,  few synapses .
neuron class of two interneurons ,  processes in ventral cord and ring ,  few synapses .
ventral cord interneuron ,  like avd but outputs restricted to anterior cord .
ventral cord interneuron ,  like avd but outputs restricted to anterior cord .
ventral cord interneuron ,  synapses onto va ,  da ,  as motorneurons ;  formerly called delta .
ventral cord interneuron ,  synapses onto va ,  da ,  as motorneurons ;  formerly called delta .
ventral cord interneuron ,  synapses onto vb and db motor neurons ;  formerly called beta .
ventral cord interneuron ,  synapses onto vb and db motor neurons ;  formerly called beta .
ventral cord interneuron ,  synapses onto va ,  da ,  and as motor neurons ;  formerly called alpha
ventral cord interneuron ,  synapses onto va ,  da ,  and as motor neurons ;  formerly called alpha
neuron ,  process runs with amphid processes but lacks cillialted ending
neuron ,  process runs with amphid processes but lacks cillialted ending
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated ending ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
one member of amphid neurons ,  single ciliated endings ,  probably chemo - sensory ;  project into ring via commissure from ventral ganglion ,  make diverse synaptic connections in ring neuropil
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscles ,  no ventral counterpart
ring motor neuron
neuron class of one sensory neuron ,  basal body ;  not part of a sensillum ,  projects into ring .
neuron class of one ring interneuron .
amphid socket cell ,  right
ring interneuron
amphid socket cell ,  left
ring interneuron
embryonic cell of pedigree abpraapaapp ,  amphid sheath cell ,  right .
ring interneuron
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaapaapp ,  amphid sheath cell ,  left .
ring interneuron
neuron associated with alm
neuron class of one ring motoneuron ,  projects along dorsal cord ,  innervates dorsal body muscle .
neuron associated with alm
ring interneuron
ring interneuron
ring interneuron
anterior lateral microtubule cell ,  touch receptor
anterior lateral microtubule cell ,  touch receptor
neuron class of one neuron ,  sends processes laterally and along dorsal cord .
ring interneuron
amphid interneuron
ring interneuron ,  many synapses
amphid interneuron
ring interneuron ,  many synapses
amphid interneuron
male sensory rays ,  structural cell
amphid interneuron
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appapapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
ring interneuron
male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside
ring interneuron
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appapapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
ring interneuron
male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet
male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet
male sensory rays ,  structural cell
ring interneuron
amphid interneuron
amphid interneuron
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaaapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
amphid interneuron
male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside
amphid interneuron
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaaapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
amphid finger cell ,  neuron associated with amphid sheath
male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet
amphid finger cell ,  neuron associated with amphid sheath
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaaaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
amphid neuron ,  prob .chemosensory
male sensory rays ,  structural cell
amphid neuron ,  prob .chemosensory
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apappapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
amphid neuron ,  prob .chemosensory
male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apappapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet
amphid neuron ,  prob .chemosensory
anterior deirid sheath
anterior deirid sheath
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apappaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
anterior deirid ,  sensory neuron ,  dopaminergic
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppppapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
anterior deirid ,  sensory neuron ,  dopaminergic
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppppapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
ring interneuron
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppppapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  not darkly staining nor open to outside .
ring interneuron
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppppapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  not darkly staining nor open to outside .
embryonic founder cell
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppppaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
a cellular object that consists of subcellular components ,  expresses genes or functions .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppppaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppaapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppppaapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppaapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppppaapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppaaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppppaaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppapapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppapapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppapapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppapapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppapaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppapaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papppapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papppapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papppapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papppapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papppaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papppaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papapapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papapapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papapapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papapapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papapaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papapaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppppapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppppapp ,  male sensory rays ,  structural cell .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppappd  ( 5l )  .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppppapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppapapp  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior syncytium ut1 .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppppapa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  darkly staining tip ,  open to outside .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppapapa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut2 .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppppaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
ventral uterus ;  post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapaap  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut3 .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppppaaa ,  male sensory rays ,  neuron ,  striated rootlet .
ventral uterus ;  post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapaaa  ( 5l )  ,   a precursor of posterior ut4 .
postembryonic neuroblast ,  migrates anteriorly .
postembryonic neuroblast ,  migrates posteriorly .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaappa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut2 .
neuron class of one male - specific motor neuron ,  cell body in ventral cord .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapap  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut3 syncytium .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapaa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaapp  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
neuron class of one male - specific interneuron .
neuron class of one male - specific interneuron ,  postsynaptic in ring and ventral cord .
interneuron ,  posterior ventral cord ,  few synapses .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaap  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
interneuron ,  posterior ventral cord ,  few synapses .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapappa ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
neuron class of one male - specific motor neuron ,  ventral cord .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapapap ,  a precursor of posterior ut3 .
neuron class of one interneuron ,  projects along ventral cord to ring .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapapaa ,  a precursor of posterior ut2 .
neuron class of one asymmetric interneuron ,  projects along ventral cord to ring ,  sends process into tail spike .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapaapp .
interneuron ,  projects along ventral cord to ring
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapaapa .
interneuron ,  projects along ventral cord to ring
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapaaap ,  a precursor of ut1 syncytium .
interneuron ,  cell body in lumbar ganglion ,  projects along ventral cord to nerve ring
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapaaaa ,  fuse to become dorsal unterine cell .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaapppp ,  fuse to become dorsal uterine cell .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaapppa ,  a precursor of ut1 syncytium .
interneuron ,  cell body in lumbar ganglion ,  projects along ventral cord to nerve ring
interneuron / motor neuron ,  posterior ventral cord ,  few synapses
interneuron / motor neuron ,  posterior ventral cord ,  few synapses
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaappap .
neuron class of one neuron ,  posterior ventral microtuble cell ,  touch receptor .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaappaa .
neuron ,  lateral process adjacent to excretory canal
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaapapp ,  precursor of anterior ut2 .
neuron ,  lateral process adjacent to excretory canal
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapaap ,  a precursor of anterior ut3 .
ventral cord interneuron ,  cell body in lumbar ganglion ,  synapses onto vb and db motor neurons ,  formerly called delta .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapaap ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
ventral cord interneuron ,  cell body in lumbar ganglion ,  synapses onto vb and db motor neurons ,  formerly called delta .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pappappa ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
neuron class of one sensory neuron ,  basal body ,  not part of a sensillum ,  projects into preanal gangion .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pappapap ,  a precursor of posterior ut3 .
interneuron ,  associated with plm
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pappapaa ,  a precursor of posterior ut2 .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pappaapp .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pappaapa .
interneuron ,  associated with plm
posterior lateral microtubule cell ,  touch receptor
posterior lateral microtubule cell ,  touch receptor
dorsal uterus ;  pedigree z1 .pappaaap cell to be fused to form ut1 syncytium .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .pap ,  phasmid sockets .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pappaaaa ,  fuse to become dorsal uterine cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .pap ,  phasmid sockets .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapppp ,  a precursor of dorsal unterine cell .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .paa .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapppa ,  a precursor of syncytium ut1 .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .paa ,  phasmid sockets .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papappap .
phasmid sheath
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papappaa .
phasmid sheath
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapapp ,  a precursor of anterior ut2 .
neuron ,  striated rootlet in male ,  possibly sensory in tail spike
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapapa ,  a precursor of anterior ut3 .
dorsal uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapaap ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aappppp  ( 5r )  .
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapppap  ( 5r )  .
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apapappp .
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papppad .
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pappappp .
anterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaapaaa .
anterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaaapd .
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaapa  ( 5l )  .
anterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaaa  ( 5r )  .
anterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papapaaa .
anterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .papaapd .
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior daughter cell of p8 .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in hermaphrodite .
posterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of p8 .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in hermaphrodite .
posterior spermathecae
posterior daughter cell of p4 .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in hermaphrodite .
posterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of p4 .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in hermaphrodite .
posterior spermathecae
posterior daughter cell of p3 .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in hermaphrodite .
posterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of p3 .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in hermaphrodite .
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
posterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of tr .apap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
posterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of tr .apa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaaapv .
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of tl .apap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior daughter cell of tl .a ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z1 .paappapp .
anterior daughter cell of v6r .pppa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z1 .paappapap .
anterior daughter cell of v6r .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z1 .paappapaa .
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z1 .paappaapp .
anterior daughter cell of v6r .papa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of v6l .pppa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z1 .appppp .
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z1 .apppapp .
anterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of v6l .papa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of v5r .pppap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior spermathecae
anterior daughter cell of v5r .pppa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .appappp .
anterior daughter cell of v5l .pppap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
anterior daughter cell of v5l .pppaa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in male .
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
anterior daughter cell of tl .apa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of tl .a ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium in hermaphrodite .
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
anterior daughter cell of v5r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
anterior daughter cell of v6r .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v6r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
anterior daughter cell of v6l .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v6l .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
anterior daughter cell of v6l .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v6l ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v5r .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
anterior daughter cell of v5r .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7
anterior daughter cell of v5r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v5lpppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
anterior daughter cell of v5l .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7
anterior daughter cell of v5l ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4r .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4r .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4r .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4r .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4r .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4r .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4l .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4l .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4l .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4l .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4l .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4l .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v4l ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3r .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3r .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3r .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3r .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3r .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3r .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3l .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3l .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3l .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3l .papp  ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3l .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v3l .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
postembranterior daughter cell of v3l ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v2r .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v2r .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v2r .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
a single ,  h - shaped cell which lies just above the anus and connects the roof of the anal canal to the dorsal bodywall ;  its contractions act to increase the size of the anal opening by lifting the roof of the rectum and hence facilitate expulsion of intestinal contents .
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
pharyngeal marginal cell
eighth pharyngeal muscle cell layer  ( single cell ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell nucleus
pharyngeal muscle cell nucleus
pharyngeal muscle cell nucleus
pharyngeal muscle cell nucleus
pharyngeal muscle cell nucleus
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell nucleus
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus ) 
pharyngeal muscle cell  ( nucleus )  .
embryonic cell of pedigree abarapaaapa ,  pharyngeal muscle cell .
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
pharyngeal muscle cell
one of these cells ,  sometimes fused with u .l / ra ,  phagocytoses the male linker cell
postembryonic intestinal cell nucleus ,  the posterior one from nuclear division of any of 10 - 14 cells in mid - section of intestine .
postembryonic intestinal cell nucleus ,  the anterior one from nuclear division of any of 10 - 14 cells in mid - section of intestine .
intestinal cell of the nineth intestinal ring ,  right side .
intestinal cell of the eighth intestinal ring ,  right side .
intestinal cell of the seventh intestinal ring ,  right side .
intestinal cell of the sixth intestinal ring ,  right side .
intestinal cell of the fourth intestinal ring ,  dorsal side .
intestinal cell of the nineth intestinal ring ,  left side .
intestinal cell of the eighth intestinal ring ,  left side .
intestinal cell of the seventh intestinal ring ,  left side .
intestinal cell of the sixth intestinal ring ,  left side .
intestinal cell of the fouthth intestinal ring ,  ventral side .
intestinal cell of the fifth intestinal ring ,  right side .
intestinal cell
intestinal cell of the third intestinal ring ,  dorsal side .
intestinal cell
intestinal cell
intestinal cell of the fifth intestinal ring ,  left side .
intestinal cell
intestinal cell of the third intestinal ring ,  ventral side .
intestinal cell
intestinal cell
neuron ,  striated rootlet in male ,  possibly sensory in tail spike
phasmid neurons ,  probably chemosensory
phasmid neurons ,  probably chemosensory
phasmid neurons ,  probably chemosensory
neuron class of one male - specific interneuron ,  cell body in preanal ganglion .
socket of pde
socket of pde
sheath of pde
sheath of pde
hypodermis associated with hook sensillum of male ,  contains nucleus p11 .ppp
hypodermis associated with hook sensillum of male ,  contains nucleus p11 .ppap
hypodermis associated with hook sensillum of male ,  contains nucleus p11 .ppaa
hook ,  contains nucleus p10 .papp
preanal hypodermis
tail dorsal hypodermis
tail ventral hypodermis
tail ventral hypodermis ,  9th hypodermis cell
tail ventral hypodermis ,  8th hypodermis cell
neuron ,  dopaminergic of postderid sensillum
neuron ,  dopaminergic of postderid sensillum
neuron class of one male - specific interneuron ,  cell body in preanal ganglion .
neuron class of one motor neuron ,  process in dorsal cord ,  cell body in pre - anal ganglion .
neuron class of one motor neuron ,  process in dorsal cord ,  same as y cell in hermaphrodite ,  y .a in male .
socket of postcloacal sensilla in male
socket of postcloacal sensilla in male
sheath of postcloacal sensilla in male
sheath of postcloacal sensilla in male
hypodermal cell of postcloacal sensilla in male
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite
hypodermal cell of postcloacal sensilla in male
sensory neuron of postcloacal sensilla in male
sensory neuron of postcloacal sensilla in male
neuron ,  ending is sheath of postcloacal sensilla in male
neuron ,  ending is sheath of postcloacal sensilla in male
sensory neuron of postcloacal sensilla in male
sensory neuron of postcloacal sensilla in male
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
cell of lineage abprapapap ,  born in embryo ,  one of a group of postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
cell of lineage abplapapap ,  born in embryo ,  one of a group of postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1
embryonic founder cell of germ line
single cell zygote
quadrant outer labial socket
quadrant outer labial socket
quadrant outer labial socket
quadrant outer labial socket
quadrant outer labial sheath
quadrant outer labial sheath
quadrant outer labial sheath
quadrant outer labial sheath
quadrant outer labial neuron
posterior daughter cell of p7 .ppp ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vula syncytium .
anterior daughter cell of p7 .ppp ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vula syncytium .
hermaphrodite vulva
hermaphrodite vulva
right daughter cell of p7 .pap ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulc syncytium .
quadrant outer labial neuron
quadrant outer labial neuron
quadrant outer labial neuron
lateral outer labial socket
lateral outer labial socket
lateral outer labial sheath
lateral outer labial sheath
lateral outer labial neurons
lateral outer labial neurons
pharyngeal neurosecretory motorneuron ,  contain serotonin
left daughter cell of p7 .pap ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulc syncytium .
anterior daughter cell of p7 .pa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vuld syncytium .
right daughter cell of p6 .ppp ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vule syncytium .
left daughter cell of p6 .ppp ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vule syncytium .
right daughter cell of p6 .ppa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulf syncytium .
left daughter cell of p6 .ppa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulf syncytium .
right daughter cell of p6 .pap ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulf syncytium .
left daughter cell of p6 .pap ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulf syncytium .
right daughter cell of p6 .paa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vule syncytium .
left daughter cell of p6 .paa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vule syncytium .
pharyngeal neurosecretory motorneuron ,  contain serotonin
embryonic founder cell
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .appappa .
pharyngeal neurons that synapse onto marginal cells
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .appapap .
pharyngeal neurons that synapse onto marginal cells
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .appapaa .
neuron class of one pharyngeal motorneuron .
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .paappp .
neuron class of one pharyngeal motorneuron .
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .paappa .
pharyngeal sensory - motorneurons
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .paapap .
pharyngeal sensory - motorneurons
posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  and of pedigree z4 .paapaa .
pharyngeal motorneurons
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .paapapp .
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .paapapa .
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .paapaap .
posterior daughter cell of p5 .pp ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vuld syncytium .
right daughter cell of p5 .ppa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulc syncytium .
left daughter cell of p5 .ppa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vulc syncytium .
hermaphrodite vulva
hermaphrodite vulva
posterior daughter cell of p5 .paa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vula syncytium .
anterior daughter cell of p5 .paa ,  fuses into hermaphrodite vula syncytium .
pharyngo - intestinal valve
pharyngo - intestinal valve
pharyngo - intestinal valve
pharyngeal motorneurons
neuron class of one pharyngeal motorneuron .
postembryonic mesoblast of pedigree msapaapp .
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .paapaaa .
interneuron ,  short process in posterior ventral cord
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .appapp .
interneuron ,  short process in posterior ventral cord
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .appapa .
rectal cell
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .appaap .
rectal cell
anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms ,  have muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .appaaa .
rectal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
posterior epithelial sheath cell of distal arms ,  no muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z4 .appp .
inner labial socket
posterior epithelial sheath cell of distal arms ,  no muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z4 .pap .
inner labial socket
anterior epithelial sheath cell of hermaphrodite gonad distal arms ,  no muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .paaa .
anterior epithelial sheath cell of hermaphrodite gonad distal arms ,  no muscle fibers ,  of pedigree z1 .apa .
posterior distal tip cell ,  inhibit meiosis in neighbouring germ cells ,  lead gonad during morphogenesis ,  herm gonad
pharyngo - intestinal valve
pharyngo - intestinal valve
pharyngo - intestinal valve
intestino - rectal valve
intestino - rectal valve
used during embryogenesis to make tail spike ,  then die
used during embryogenesis to make tail spike ,  then die
inner labial socket
inner labial socket
inner labial socket
anterior distal tip cell ,  inhibit meiosis in neighbouring germ cells ,  lead gonad during morphogenesis ,  herm gonad
inner labial socket
anchor cell ,  induces vulva ,  part of hermaphrodite gonad .
inner labial sheath
pharyngeal gland cells
inner labial sheath
pharyngeal gland cells
inner labial sheath
pharyngeal gland cells
inner labial sheath
pharyngeal gland cell .
inner labial sheath
pharyngeal gland cell .
inner labial sheath
excretory socket cell ,  links duct to hypodermis
right nucleus of binuclear syncytium excretory glands ,  fused ,  send processes to ring , open into excretory duct .
left nucleus of binuclear syncytium excretory gland ,  fused ,  send processes to ring , open into excretory duct .
inner labial neuron
inner labial neuron
inner labial neuron
cell that forms the duct of the excretory system .
inner labial neuron
inner labial neuron
pharyngeal epithelial cells
inner labial neuron
pharyngeal epithelial cells
inner labial neuron
pharyngeal epithelial cells
inner labial neuron
pharyngeal epithelial cells
inner labial neuron
pharyngeal epithelial cells
inner labial neuron
pharyngeal epithelial cells
pharyngeal epithelial cells
pharyngeal epithelial cells
embryonic coelomocytes
embryonic coelomocytes
embryonic coelomocytes
embryonic coelomocytes
single male postembryonic coelomocyte
postembryonic coelomocyte in hermaphrodite
postembryonic coelomocyte in hermaphrodite
embryonic cell of pedigree abaraaappaa ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abaraaappap ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abarapapapa ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abalpaappap ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abaraaapaaa ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abalpaapaaa ,   interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abaraaapppa ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abalpaappaa ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
embryonic cell of pedigree abalpapaapa ,  interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
somatic gonad precursor cell
germ line precursor cell
germ line precursor cell
somatic gonad precursor cell
rectal cell at hatching ,  becomes pda in hermaphrodite ,  postembryonic blast cell in male
embryonic head hypodermal cell
anterior daughter cell of v2r .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic head hypodermal cell
anterior daughter cell of v2r .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
postembryonic neuroblast ,  analogous to pn .a cells ,  also known as p0 .
anterior daughter cell of v2r .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v2r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v2l .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v2l .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v2l .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v2l .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v2l .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v2l .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v2l ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v1r .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v1r .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v1r .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v1r .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  probably reciprocal inhibitor
anterior daughter cell of v1r .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
hermaphrodite specific ventral cord motor neuron innervates vulval muscles and ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of v1r .paa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
hermaphrodite specific ventral cord motor neuron innervates vulval muscles and ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of v1r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v1l .pppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of v1l .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
hermaphrodite specific ventral cord motor neuron innervates vulval muscles and ventral body muscles
hermaphrodite specific ventral cord motor neuron innervates vulval muscles and ventral body muscles
hermaphrodite specific ventral cord motor neuron innervates vulval muscles and ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of v1l .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
hermaphrodite specific ventral cord motor neuron innervates vulval muscles and ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of v1l .papp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of v1l .pap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of v1l .pa ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of v1l ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h2r .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h2r .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h2r .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
posterior daughter cell of h2r .a ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of h2l .ppp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h2l .pp ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h2l .p ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  also interneuron in ring
posterior daughter cell of h2l .a ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles ,  but also interneuron in preanal ganglion
posterior daughter cell of h1r ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h1r .app ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h1r .ap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
posterior daughter cell of h1l ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
anterior daughter cell of h1l .app ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
anterior daughter cell of h1l .ap ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell of pedigree abplappppa ,  precursor of embryonic large hypodermal syncytium .
cylindrical hypodermal syncytium in head
cylindrical hypodermal syncytium in head
cylindrical hypodermal syncytium in head
cylindrical hypodermal syncytium in head
cylindrical hypodermal syncytium in head
cylindrical hypodermal syncytium in head
head mesodermal cell ,  function unknown
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paapa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaapp .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaapa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaaappp .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaaappap .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaaappaa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaaapap .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaaapaa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaaaap .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .paaaaaa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aappa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapapp .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapapa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapaappp .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapaappap .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapaappaa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapaapap .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapaapaa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapaaap .
male v5r .pppapp lineage cell ,  fuses into postembryonic seam hypodermal cells that makes alae .
male v5l .pppapp lineage cell ,  fuses into postembryonic seam hypodermal cells that makes alae .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree tr .appa .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree tl .appa .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae of pedigree v6r .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v6r .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v6l .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v6l .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v5r .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v5l .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v4r .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v4r .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v4l .ppppp .
inner labial neuron
inner labial neuron
neuron class of one pharyngeal interneuron ,  posterior sensory .
neuron class of one pharyngeal interneuron ,  posterior sensory .
neuron class of one pharyngeal interneuron .
neuron class of one pharyngeal interneuron ,  anterior sensory .
pharyngeal interneurons ,  ant sensory .
pharyngeal interneurons ,  ant sensory .
pharyngeal interneurons: ant sensory ,  input from rip
pharyngeal interneurons: ant sensory ,  input from rip
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v4l .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v3r .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ,  of pedigree v3r .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v3l .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v3l .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v2r .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v2r .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v2l .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v2l .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v1r .ppppp .
herm .specific motor neurons  ( die in male embryo )  ,  innervate vulval muscles ,  serotonergic
herm .specific motor neurons  ( die in male embryo )  ,  innervate vulval muscles ,  serotonergic
socket of hook sensillum ,  receptor anterior to cloaca in male
sheath of hook sensillum ,  receptor anterior to cloaca in male
neuron class of one male - specific sensory neuron associated with hook sensillum ,  receptor anterior to cloaca in male .
neuron class of one male - specific sensory neuron associated with hook sensillum ,  receptor anterior to cloaca in male .
seam hyopdermal cell ,  postemb .
seam hyopdermal cell ,  postemb .
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v1r .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  pf pedigree v1l .ppppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree v1l .pappp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree h2r .pppp
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree h2l .pppp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree h1r .appp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree h1r .aa .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree h1l .appp .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ;  of pedigree h1l .aa .
rectal epithelial cells ,  adjacent to intestino - rectal valve ,  have microvilli
seam hypodermal cell
seam hypodermal cell
set of six cells that form a thin cylindrical sheet between pharynx and ring neuropile ;  no chemical synapses ,  but gap junctions with muscle arms and rme motor neurons
set of six cells that form a thin cylindrical sheet between pharynx and ring neuropile ;  no chemical synapses ,  but gap junctions with muscle arms and rme motor neurons
set of six cells that form a thin cylindrical sheet between pharynx and ring neuropile ;  no chemical synapses ,  but gap junctions with muscle arms and rme motor neurons
set of six cells that form a thin cylindrical sheet between pharynx and ring neuropile ;  no chemical synapses ,  but gap junctions with muscle arms and rme motor neurons
set of six cells that form a thin cylindrical sheet between pharynx and ring neuropile ;  no chemical synapses ,  but gap junctions with muscle arms and rme motor neurons
set of six cells that form a thin cylindrical sheet between pharynx and ring neuropile ;  no chemical synapses ,  but gap junctions with muscle arms and rme motor neurons
rectal epithelial cells ,  adjacent to intestino - rectal valve ,  have microvilli
rectal epithelial cells ,  adjacent to intestino - rectal valve ,  have microvilli
male sensory ray 9 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with hypodermal syncytium
male sensory ray 8 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with hypodermal syncytium
male sensory ray 7 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with hypodermal syncytium
male sensory ray 6 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with hypodermal syncytium
male sensory ray 5 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with other ray hypodermal cells to form the tail seam
male sensory ray 4 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with other ray hypodermal cells to form the tail seam
male sensory ray 3 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with other ray hypodermal cells to form the tail seam
ray 2 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with other ray hypodermal cells to form the tail seam
neuron ,  ciliated ending in head ,  no supporting cells ,  associated with ilso
neuron ,  ciliated ending in head ,  no supporting cells ,  associated with ilso
rectal cell ,  blast cell in male
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .rap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .lap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .rvdp in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .lvdp in male .
embryonic founder cell
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .raa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .laa in male .
ray 1 hypodermal cell ,  fuses with other ray hypodermal cells to form the tail seam .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree f .rvv .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree f .lvv .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .pppa .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .pap .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .paa .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .arappv .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .arapapp .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .arapapa .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .arapaad .
post - embrynonic cell of pedigree f .rvda in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .lvda in male .
neuron class of one male - specific neuron ,  cell body in dorsorectal ganglion .
neuron class of one male - specific neuron ,  cell body in dorsorectal ganglion .
neuron class of one ring interneuron ,  cell body in dorsorectal ganglion .
neuron class of one ring interneuron ,  cell body in dorsorectal ganglion ,  inervates rectal muscles .
neuron class of one ring interneuron ,  cell body in dorsorectal ganglion ,  has a large vesicle - filled process in ring .
ventral cord motor neurons ,  reciprocal inhibitors ,  chnage synaptic pattern during postembryonic development
ventral cord motor neurons ,  reciprocal inhibitors ,  chnage synaptic pattern during postembryonic development
ventral cord motor neurons ,  reciprocal inhibitors ,  chnage synaptic pattern during postembryonic development
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b_delta .r .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b_delta .l .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b_gamma .arv .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic of pedigree b_gamma .ald .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b_gamma .alv .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .alappv .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .alapapp .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .alapapa .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b .alapaad .
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_alpha .rv .
ventral cord motor neurons ,  reciprocal inhibitors ,  chnage synaptic pattern during postembryonic development
ventral cord motor neurons ,  reciprocal inhibitors ,  chnage synaptic pattern during postembryonic development
ventral cord motor neurons ,  reciprocal inhibitors ,  chnage synaptic pattern during postembryonic development
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
cell of male proctodeum ,  post - embryonic pedigree b_alpha .lv .
vulval muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vrpaapap .
vulval muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vrpaapaa .
vulval muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vrpaaapp .
vulval muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vrpaaapa .
vulval muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vlpaapap .
vulval muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vlpaapaa .
vulval muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vlpaaapp .
vulval muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vlpaaapa .
uterine muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vrpaappp .
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
ventral cord motor neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles
ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates ventral body muscles
embryonic founder cell
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
uterine muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vrpaappa .
uterine muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vrpaaaap .
uterine muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vrpaaaaa .
uterine muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vlpaappp .
uterine muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vlpaappa .
uterine muscle 1 ,  of lineage m .vlpaaaap .
uterine muscle 2 ,  of lineage m .vlpaaaaa .
dorsal spicule protractor ,  male
dorsal spicule protractor ,  male
male specific interneuron ,  project into preanal ganglion
male specific interneuron ,  project into preanal ganglion
male specific motor neuron in ventral cord
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
male specific motor neuron in ventral cord
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
male specific motor neuron in ventral cord
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
male specific motor neuron in ventral cord
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
male specific cell in ventral cord ,  not reconstructed
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
male specific cell in ventral cord ,  not reconstructed
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
male specific cell in ventral cord ,  not reconstructed
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
male specific cell in ventral cord ,  not reconstructed
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell
neuron ,  presynaptic in ring ,  ending in head
dorsal spicule retractor ,  male
ventral spicule retractor ,  male
ventral spicule protractor ,  male
dorsal spicule retractor ,  male
ventral spicule retractor ,  male
ventral spicule protractor ,  male
posterior oblique male muscle
anterior oblique male muscle
posterior oblique male muscle
anterior oblique male muscle
cephalic socket
cephalic socket
cephalic socket
neuron ,  presynaptic in ring ,  ending in head
cephalic socket
neuron ,  presynaptic in ring ,  ending in head
cephalic sheath ,  sheet - like processes envelop meuropil of the ring and part of ventral ganglion
neuron ,  presynaptic in ring ,  ending in head
cephalic sheath ,  sheet - like processes envelop meuropil of the ring and part of ventral ganglion
ring interneuron
cephalic sheath ,  sheet - like processes envelop meuropil of the ring and part of ventral ganglion
ring interneuron
cephalic sheath ,  sheet - like processes envelop meuropil of the ring and part of ventral ganglion
neuron ,  presynaptic in ring ,  ending in head
cephalic neurons ,  contain dopamine
neuron ,  presynaptic in ring ,  ending in head
cephalic neurons ,  contain dopamine
ring motor neuron
ring motor neuron
ring motor neuron
cephalic neurons ,  contain dopamine
cephalic neurons ,  contain dopamine
male specific cephalic neurons  ( programmed cell death in hermaphrodite embryo )  open to outside ,  possible function in male chemotaxis toward hermaphrodite .
ring motor neuron
male specific cephalic neurons  ( programmed cell death in hermaphrodite embryo )  open to outside ,  possible function in male chemotaxis toward hermaphrodite .
rectal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell in male
male specific cephalic neurons  ( programmed cell death in hermaphrodite embryo )  open to outside ,  possible function in male chemotaxis toward hermaphrodite .
tail seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell ,  functions as phasmid socket in l1
male specific cephalic neurons  ( programmed cell death in hermaphrodite embryo )  open to outside ,  possible function in male chemotaxis toward hermaphrodite .
tail seam hypodermal cell ,  postembryonic blast cell ,  functions as phasmid socket in l1
process runs along excretory canal ,  no synapses ,  essential for survival
socket of male copulatory spicule
process runs along excretory canal ,  no synapses ,  essential for survival
socket of male copulatory spicule
male specific cell in ventral cord ,  neuron - like but lacks synapses
socket of male copulatory spicule
male specific cell in ventral cord ,  neuron - like but lacks synapses
socket of male copulatory spicule
socket of male copulatory spicule
socket of male copulatory spicule
cell of socket of male copulatory spicule ,  post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_gamma .pr .
cell of socket of male copulatory spicule ,  post - embryonic pedigree b_gamma .pl .
sheath of male copulatory spicule
sheath of male copulatory spicule
sheath of male copulatory spicule
sheath of male copulatory spicule
sensory neuron of copulatory spicle in male ,  cilliated ,  open to outside at tip of spicule ,  of pedigree b_beta .rda .
sensory neuron of copulatory spicle in male ,  cilliated ,  open to outside at tip of spicule
sensory neuron of copulatory spicle in male ,  cilliated ,  open to outside at tip of spicule
sensory neuron of copulatory spicle in male ,  cilliated ,  open to outside at tip of spicule
male specific sensory  / motor neuron ,  innervates spicule protractor muscle
male specific sensory  / motor neuron ,  innervates spicule protractor muscle
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  has a posteriorly direct ed process that runs sublaterally
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aapaaaa .
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaapa .
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaapp .
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaapa .
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaappp .
receives a few synapses in the ring ,  has a posteriorly directed process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaappap .
ant .lateral interneuron ,  process projects into ring
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaappaa .
posterior lateral interneuron ,  process projects into ring
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaapap .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaapaa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaap .
ring interneuron ,  anteriorly projecting process that runs sublaterally ,  synapses to anterior body muscles in l1
ring interneuron ,  anteriorly projecting process that runs sublaterally ,  synapses to anterior body muscles in l1
ring interneuron ,  anteriorly projecting process that runs sublaterally ,  synapses to anterior body muscles in l1
vas deferens cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaaa .
ring interneuron ,  anteriorly projecting process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .pappa .
ring interneuron ,  anteriorly projecting process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papapp .
ring interneuron ,  anteriorly projecting process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papapa .
ring interneuron ,  anteriorly projecting process that runs sublaterally
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papaappp .
ring motor neuron / interneuron
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papaappap .
ring motor neuron / interneuron
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papaappaa .
ring interneuron
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papaapap .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papaapaa .
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papaaap .
ring interneuron
ring motor neuron / interneuron
ring motor neuron / interneuron
vas deferens cell of pedigree z1 .papaaaa .
ring motor neuron
seminal vesicle ,  outer ;  cell of pedigree z1 .paapp in male .
ring motor neuron
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .appap .
ring motor neuron
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .appap .
ring motor neuron
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .appaap .
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  many synapses
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .appaaap .
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  many synapses
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .appaaaa .
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  many synapses
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .apap .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .apaap .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .apaaap .
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  many synapses
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  many synapses
ring motor neuron / interneuron ,  many synapses
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .apaaaap .
ring interneuron
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z4 .apaaaaa .
ring interneuron
seminal vesicle ,  outer ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aappp in male .
neuron class of one ring interneuron .
seminal vesicle ,  outer ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaapp in male .
neuron class of one ring interneuron .
outer seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .pappp .
embryonic cell of pedigree abarappaaaa ,  ring / pharynx interneuron ,  only direct connection between pharynx and ring .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .pppp .
ring / pharynx interneuron ,  only direct connection between pharynx and ring
seminal vesicle ,  inner ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pppap in male .
ring motor neuron
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .pppaap .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .pppaaap .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .pppaaaa .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .ppap .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaap .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaap .
inner seminal vesicle cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaaa .
male gonad cell ,  leads gonad during morphogenesis and initiates union with cloaca
distal tip cell ,  inhibits meiosis in nearby germ cells ,  posterior .
distal tip cell ,  inhibits meiosis in nearby germ cells ,  anterior
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapppap  ( 5l )  .
ventral uterus ,  cell of pedigree z4 .aapppaa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aappppp  ( 5l )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aappppa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
ventral uterus
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aappaaa  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of ut1 syncytium .
ventral uterus ,  cell of pedigree z4 .aapappp  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapappa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut3 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapapap  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut2 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapapaa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut1 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapaav  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aapaad  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaappd  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaappv  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaapav  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaapad  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaaapv  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaaapd  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaapp  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut2 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaapa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut2 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaap  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut3 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaaa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppappv  ( 5l )  ,  utse precursor .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppappd  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapav  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapad  ( 5r )  .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaappp  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut1 syncytium .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapap  ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut3 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapaa  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaapp  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
ventral uterus ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaap  ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
neuron of lumbar ganglion ,  left .
lumbar ganglion ,  left side .
neuron type ,  cell body located in right lateral ganglion .
lateral ganglion on the right side .
neuron type ,  cell body located in left lateral ganglion .
lateral ganglion on the left side .
the left and right lateral ganglia lie beside the nerve ring in the head .
sensillum of inner or outer labial .
sensory organ of the inner labial .
neuron type ,  member of a set of 12 neurons of the inner labial sensilla .
neuron class of six ciliated neurons ,  each of which is one of the two component neurons of the six inner labial sensilla .
neuron class of six ciliated neurons with striated rootlets ,  each of which is one of two component neurons of the inner labial sensilla .
ganglion in the head .
ventral uterine syncytia precursor cell ;  generates uterus ,  spermatheca and spermatheca - uterine valve cells .
dorsal uterine precursor cell ;  generates uterus ,  spermatheca and spermatheca - uterine valve cells .
organ producing either sperm or ova .
set of six cells that form a thin cylindrical sheet between pharynx and ring neuropile ;  no chemical synapses ,  but gap junctions with muscle arms and rme motor neurons ,  might be glial cells
hook sensory neurons .
organ in hermaphrodite animal that produces both ova and sperm .
a cluster of nerve cells and associated glial cells  ( nuclear location )  .
neuron that uses gaba as a vesicular neurotransmitter .
a cell that is the e blast cell or is a lineal descendant of e .
the ganglion that lies above and behind the rectum in the tail ,  in close continuity with the anal hypodermal ridge .
ganglion that lies beside the nerve ring in the head .
a group of cells that have shared characteristics
neuron class of four ring motoneuron ,  non - ciliated endings in head ,  associated with olq in embryo .
neurons that sense body touch ,  have specialized microtubules in processes .
neuron class of four neurons associated with cephalic sensilla .
neuron class of four male - specific neurons associated with cephalic sensilla .
cuticle - lined lumenal region surrounded by pharyngeal epithelium ,  situated at the anterior end of pharynx .
six vulval precursor cells in early l3
ventral ganglion ,  posterior part .
ventral ganglion ,  anterior part .
neuron class of six motoneurons ,  with cell bodies in the ventral cord ,  which innervate dorsal muscles .
neuron class of seven motoneurons that innervate dorsal muscles and have cell bodies in the ventral cord .
neuron class of nine ventral cord motor neuron ,  innervates dorsal muscle .
ganglion lies beside the nerve ring in the head ,  just anterior of the retrovesicular ganglion .
neuron with cell body associated with the ventral nerve cord .
neuron class of thirteen motoneurons ,  with cell bodies in the ventral cord ,  which innervate ventral muscles .
neuron class of six motoneurons in the ventral cord ,  which innervate ventral body muscles and the vm2 muscles of the vulva .
socket cell of male spicule .
neuron class of nine male - specific neurons with cell body in ventral cord and preanal ganglion
sheath cell of male copulatory spicule .
an accordion - like tube that contains sperm and is the site of oocyte fertilization .
ganglion in the trunk of the body .
neuron class of eleven motoneurons ,  with cell bodies in the ventral cord ,  which innervate dorsal muscles .
neuron class of eleven motoneurons ,  distributed along the ventral cord ,  which innervate ventral body muscles .
that portion of the male reproductive tract ,  through which sperm are delivered to the proctodeum and then the cloaca in the tail .
neuron class of twelve motoneurons ,  distributed along the ventral cord ,  which innervate ventral body muscles .
muscle lining of the uterine wall .
neuron class of four neurons with cell bodies situated anterior to the nerve ring .
a pair of neuronal ganglia in the adult male tail ,  lying on either side of the proctodeum ,  but not found in the hermaphrodite .
neuron class of four motoneurons ,  which innervate muscles in the head via nmjs in the nerve ring and also send processes posteriorly down the sub - lateral cords .
neuron class of four motoneurons ,  which innervate muscles in the head via nmjs in the nerve ring and also send processes posteriorly down the sub - lateral cords .
neuron class of four interneurons ,  which send processes posteriorly down the sub - lateral cords .
neuron class of four interneurons ,  which send processes posteriorly down the sub - lateral cords .
openning of the rectum
spermatheca in anterior gonad arm .
sheath cell with nucleus anterior to metacorpus .
undefined
portion of anterior ganglion of somatic nervous system that is near or posteior to the metacorpus of pharynx .
portion of anterior ganglion of somatic nervous system that is anterior to the metacorpus of pharynx .
cylindrical hypodermal syncytium in the head ,  including hyp1 - hyp6
anterior lobe of the bi - lobbed hermaphrodite gonad .
ganglion anterior to the nerve ring
bilaterally symmetric chemosensory specializations located on the two lateral lips in the head involving a large hole in the anterior cuticle .
neuronal process of an amphid neuron .
neuron of the amphid sensillum
neuron class of three interneurons ,  which send processes anteriorly up the sub - lateral cords in the head .
neuron class of four interneurons that send processes anteriorly up the sub - lateral cords in the head .
neuron class of four motoneurons ,  with nmjs in the nerve ring ,  which innervate head muscles .
neuron class of six major motoneurons ,  which innervate muscles in the head via nmjs in the nerve ring .
neuron whose cell body is in the retrovesicular ganglion .
neuron class of two anterior sensory neurons that transduce touch stimuli .
neuron making synapse on an effector  ( muscle ,  gland )  .
neuron class of two interneurons ,  is one of the main classes of integrating neuron for the receptors of the amphid sensilla .
neuron class of two sensory neurons of anterior deirids ,  sensory receptors in lateral alae ,  contain dopamine .
bilateral sensory organ in the tail ,  similar to the amphid in the head .
the right one of a pair of phasmid sensilla .
collection of specific banches of the ab .p lineage
cells in the ab .p lineage
the left one in the pair of phasmid sensilla .
cells in the ab .a lineage
neuron of the pharyngeal nervous system .
the pharyngeal nervous system is composed of 20 pharyngeal neurons which lie completely within the pharynx .
a set of three longitudinal nerves  ( i1l ,  nsml and m2l )  running along the anterior / posterior axis within the pharynx ,  each lying within a narrow groove created between syncytial pairs of muscles .
neuron with cell body in the preanal ganglion .
ganglion anterior to the anus .
type of cells that make up muscle layers in the pharynx .
cell that makes up epithelium in pharynx .
spermatheca in posterior gonad arm .
posterior lateral ganglion ,  right side .
posterior lateral ganglion ,  left side .
ganglion on the lateral side ,  in postior portion of the body ,  associated with posterior deirid .
posterior lobe of the bi - lobbed hermaphrodite gonad .
posterior deirid sensillum .contains dopamine .
male - specific neuron of the post - cloacal sensillum .
a bilateral pair of sensilla immediately posterior of the cloaca .
neuron class of two posterior sensory neurons that transduce touch stimuli .
neuron of lumbar ganglion ,  right .
lumbar ganglion ,  right side .
anterior deirid socket ,  left
anterior deirid socket ,  right
terms and relations no longer supported .
anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaaaav .
cell in hermaphrodite anterior spermathecae ;  cell of pedigree z4 .apaaaad .
ganglion that lies at the anterior limit of the ventral nerve cord ,  near the ventral ganglion and nerve ring in the head posterior to the excretory pore .
interneuron ,  processes in ventral cord and ring ,  few synapses ,  left side
interneuron ,  processes in ventral cord and ring ,  few synapses ,  right side
phasmid neuron ,  probably chemosensory
neuron class of two neurons that have dual ciliated endings in the amphid sensillum .
neuron class of two neurons that have dual ciliated endings in the amphid sensillum ;  the endings are in the amphid channel ,  which is open to the outside .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are part of the amphid sensillum ;  the endings of afd have numerous villi ,  which poke into the amphid sheath cells .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are part of the amphid sensilla ;  the endings are in the amphid channel ,  which is open to the outside
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are part of the amphid sensilla ;  the endings are in the amphid channel ,  which is open to the outside .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are part of the amphid sensilla ;  the endings are in the amphid channel ,  which is open to the outside .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are part of the amphid sensilla ;  the endings are in the amphid channel ,  which is open to the outside .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are part of the amphid sensilla .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are part of the amphid sensilla .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons that are associated with the sheath cells of the amphid sensilla .
neuron class of two ciliated neurons with flattened ,  sheet - like endings that are associated with the sheath cells of the amphid sensilla
neuron class of two ciliated neurons with large ,  flattened ,  sheet - like endings that are associated with the sheath cells of the amphid sensilla .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppp ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ a / l ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ a / l ] a ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ a / l ] p ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ p / r ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ p / r ] a ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ p / r ] p ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaap ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapp ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapa [ a / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapa [ p / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapp [ a / v ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppaapp [ p / d ]  ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppap ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapa ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapad ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapav ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppapp ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppappd ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppappv ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppa
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppx / z4 .aax in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppx / z4 .aax ( 5r ) 
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppx / z4 .aax ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapaad ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapaav ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapapd ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapapv ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappaaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappaap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappapp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappapa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapppp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapppa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapppap ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapppaa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappppp ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aappppa ( 5l ) 
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aap
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaa
nucleus of the anchor cell .
association of cells with a common embryological origin or pathway and similar structure and function .
lies within the body wall ,  in close relation to nervous system and excretory system .
anatomical structures that exist outside of cells ;  non - cellular .
epidermal layer .
entire syncytium of hyp7
complement of nervous tissue  ( neurones ,  nerves ,  receptors and support cells )  serving to detect ,  relay and coordinate information about an animal's internal and external environments and to initiate and integrate its effector responses and activities .
the organ system that allows the animal move ,  includes all muscles .
region of the body by which tissues ,  cells or cell parts are classified
anterior - most body region containing the pharynx .
body region posterior to the head and anterior to the tail
posterior region ,  from rectum to the end
exterior tube of two concentric tubes that make up the body ,  includes the epidermal cells and the attached neurons and muscles .
inner tube of two concentric tubes that make up the body
a fluid - filled space enclosed on the outside by the basal laminae of the bodywall tissues ,  principally those of the bodywall muscles and the hypodermis .
intergrated group of organs ,  performing one or more unified functions .
an interfacial epithelial cell which forms a distal cap on a sheath cell to bind the sheath of a sensillum to the neighboring hypodermis ,  via adherens junctions .
a free - floating spherical cell lying in the pseudocoelomic cavity of larvae and adult c . elegans which can endocytose many compounds ,  possibly for immune surveillance .
anatomical or cell objects that exist in only one ,  male or hermaphrodite ,  sex .
a group of hypodermal cells that lie along the apical midline of the hypodermis ,  at the extreme left and right sides between nose and tail
an epithelial cell that serves either to bridge two neighboring epithelial tissues or to form an opening in the epithelium .
a rigid external coating which is secreted by the hypodermis ,  seam and some transitional epithelial cells which covers the outer body ,  the major openings  into the body cavity from the exterior ,  and two large sensory bristles ,  the male spicules .
cells or anatomical parts specific to the male sex
cells or anatomical parts specific to the hermaphrodite sex
neuron that senses external stimuli and transduce them to signals internal to the organism .
part of the nervous system that lies completely outside the pharynx .
cells that support sensory neurons ,  similar to glial cells in vertebrates .
concerns with functional aspects of cells and anatomical parts
concerns with temporal aspects of cells and anatomical parts ,  e .g .
entity of anatomical origin that is either entirely acellular or is a collection of cells and acellular parts .
a group of six equivalent cells forms a tightly constructed 'valve' that links the posterior bulb of the pharynx to the anterior four cells of the intestine .
spatial axis
anteria - posterior axis
dorsal - ventral axis
left - right axis
a chain of very large cuboidal cells forming a wide central lumen in which food arrives from the posterior pharynx ,  is digested ,  and from which waste products proceed to the rectum .
the passageway in the hindgut between the posterior intestine ,  the rectal valve and the opening to the exterior .
a feature of the male tail ,  caudal to the proctodeum ,  where the vas deferens and the intestine open out jointly near the tail tip to discharge their contents .
four processes   ( canals )  of the excretory canal cell each contain a central collecting lumen which feeds to a central lumenal canal in the cell body ;   the central canal forms a specialized membrane to release fluids into the excretory duct .
gland cell of the secretory - excretory system ,  sends processes to ring ,  opens into excretory duct .
the extracellular sinus formed by the excretory duct  and pore cells .
the outlet of the excretory sinus to the exterior environment through the cuticle ,  on the ventral side of the head ,  just behind the nerve ring .
cell line which early in development becomes differentiated from the remaining somatic cell line ,  and alone has the potential to undergo meiosis and form gametes .
the components of the gonad that are separate from the germline proper .
secretory gland cell of the pharynx
the space in the center of pharynx which allows the passage of food .
any of 20 large epithelial cells which form a tube and are mostly situated as bilaterally symmetric pairs around the tubular lumen .
interfacial  ( hypodermal )  cells which connect the hypodermal epithelium of the lips to the pharyngeal epithelium ,  firmly binding the inner tissue  ( the pharynx )  to the outer bodywall  ( the hypodermis )  .
interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
interface between pharynx and hypodermis ,  form anterior part of the buccal cavity .
intestinal muscle cell ,  attach to intestine and body wall anterior to anus
cell that forms intestinal - rectal valve .
a saddle - shaped muscle cell that encircles the intestinal - rectal valve
epithelium connecting intestine and anus .
neuron whose cell body is in the dorsal - rectal ganglion .
muscle that controls hermaphrodite rectal opening .
sphincter muscle of male cloaca .
male - specific neuron whose cell body is in the cloacal ganglion .
a structural  ( glial )  cell which forms an specialized environment surrounding the sensory ending ( s )  of one or more neurons ;  sometimes accompanied by a more distal socket cell .
h - shaped cell associated with the excretory system ,  largest cell in c . elegans .
longitudinal bands of muscle cells surrounding animal body ,  with one band running in each quadrant of the body ,  regulated contraction and relaxation of these muscles cause locomotion .
specialized muscle in the male .
body wall muscle of vental left quadrant ,  formed by a row of body wall muscle cell ,   ( 23 mature ,  19 at hatching )  .
muscle of the alimentary organ system .
muscle associated with hermaphrodite vulva .
specialized muscle in the male .
specialized muscle in the male .
five pairs of thin gonadal sheath cells form a single layer covering the germ line component of each arm ,  each pair occupying a stereotyped position along the gonad proximal - distal axis .
a large process bundle that runs along the vental mid - line extending from the ventral region of the nerve ring .
the left and right lumbar ganglia lie behind the pre - anal ganglion in the tail ,  in lateral positions .
sensory neuron of copulatory spicule in male ,  cilliated ,  open to outside at tip of spicule .
one of the two awc neurons ,  stochastically determined ,  in which the str - 2 promoter is active
one of the two awc neurons ,  stochastically determined ,  in which the str - 2 promoter is inactive
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies in the lateral ganglia .
neuron class of two interneuron motoneurons that innervate muscles in the head via nmjs in the nerve ring .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia ,  one of the main classes of integrating neuron for the receptors of the amphid sensilla .
neuron that senses soluable chemicals
neuron that senses temperature
neuron that senses volatile odorants
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lumbar ganglia .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia adjacent to the neuropile of the nerve ring .
the shell or external calcareous covering of an egg
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msppapap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dpppaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppapap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msapppap .
embryonic cell of pedigree daaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capapaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage cpaapa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cpppppv .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaaapap ,  precursor of hyp5 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppaapa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage abarpaappa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capaaaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaaaapa ,  precursor of hyp6 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cappaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspapppap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dppap .
embryonic cell of pedigree msppppaa .
embryonic cell of lineage caappd fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell ,  dies in hermaphrodite ,  becomes cemdr in male .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cpppaaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppaapp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspappppp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capaapp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dppppp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage abarpaappp fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage caaaaa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dappaa .
embryonic cell of pedigree abarpappap ,  precursor of hyp5 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage cpappd fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cpppppd .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abarpaapaa ,  precursor of hyp6 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dpapa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abprpppppaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree daaaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppapaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage cpaaaa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msaappppa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage abarppaapa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cappaaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cpppaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaaaapp ,  hyp6 syncytium precursor .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msaapppaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capaaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage abprappppa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage cpapaa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msapappp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaappap ,  precursor of hyp6 syncytium .
embryonic cell of lineage abpraapppa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspppppa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dppppa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dapppa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaapaaaa ,  precursor of hyp3 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dapppp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abarpapapp ,  precursor of hyp6 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppaaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msapaaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msppappa .
embryonic cell of lineage caaaap fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell of pedigree dappap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capappp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cappppv .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msppaaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dapaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspapppaa
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage cpaaap fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msappppa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigreedpapp  .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage cpapap fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell of lineage abarpaapap fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppappa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree daapa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msaappppp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage cpaapp fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cappapp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppappp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspappap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capppap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage abarpppapa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree daapp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspppppp .
embryonic cell of pedigree msppappp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppppaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msappapp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaapppp ,  precursor of embryonic large hypodermal syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dpaaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msapappa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msaapppap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage caaapa fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppaaaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage caaapp fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msapppaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abpraappap ,  precursor of hyp6 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dapap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cappppd .
embryonic cell of pedigree capappa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell ,  dies in hermaphrodite but comes a cephalic neuron in male .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abpraapaaaa ,  precursor of hyp3 syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cppppap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capapap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dpppap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msappppp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of lineage abpraapppp fuses into embryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dpaap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspappaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msppppap .
embryonic cell of pedigree cpppapp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspppapp .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cappapa .
embryonic cell of pedigree capppaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree msapapap .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree dppaa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree capaapa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree abplaapppa ,  precursor of embryonic large hypodermal syncytium .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree cpppapa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell of pedigree mspappppa .
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
embryonic cell
neuron that uses dopamine  ( da )  as a neurotransmitter .
neuron class of two neurons with ciliated endings in the posterior deirid sensilla .
female genital .
the most extensive region of neuropil in the animal ,  consists of a large toroidal bundle of processes .
a bundle of nerve processes that runs along the dorsal mid - line of the animal .
neuron with its cell body situated in the head ,  excluding the pharynx .
neuron of the somatic nervous system .
neuron of phasmid sensillum
sheath cell of amphid sensillum .
sheath cell of phasmid sensillum
a valve tissue that connects the spermatheca and the uterus of a hermaphrodite gonad .
spermathecal - uterine junction of the anterior gonad arm .
spermathecal - uterine junction of the posterior gonad arm .
neuron with its cell body situated in the tail ,  posterior to rectum .
the organ in which the eggs are developed and protected until laid .
body wall muscle in the head ,  including first eight cells of each muscle quadrants which are innervated by nerve ring neurons .
adult vulval toroid cell ,  a ,  formed by fusion of precursors of lineage names p5 .paaa ,  p5 .paap ,  p7 .pppa and p7 .pppp
adult vulval toroid cell ,  b1 ,  formed by fusion of precursors of lineage names p5 .papa and p7 .ppap .
adult vulval toroid cell ,  b2 .
adult vulval toroid cell ,  c ,  formed by fusion of precursors of lineage names p5 .ppal ,  p5 .ppar ,  p7 .papl and p7 .papr .
adult vulval toroid cell ,  d ,  formed by fusion of precursors of lineage names p5 .ppp and p7 .paa .
adult vulval toroid cell ,  e ,  formed by fusion of precursors of lineage names p6 .paal ,  p6 .paar ,  p6 .pppl and p6 .pppr .
adult vulval toroid cell ,  f ,  formed by fusion of precursors of lineage names p6 .papl ,  p6 .papr ,  p6 .ppal and p6 .ppar .
nerve cord positioned at the lateral flanks of the animal ,  consists of processes of the neuron classes bdu ,  can ,  pvd and ala .
the first  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the second  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the third  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the fourth  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the fifth  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the sixth  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the seventh  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the eighth  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the ninth  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
the tenth  ( count from anterior - most )  of twelve postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
ventral uterine precursor cell .
dorsal uterine precursor cell .
cell forming dorsal epithelium in central region of the uterus ;  formed by fusion of four cells .
precursor cell destined to divide some time after hatching .
toroidal epithelial cell that make up the bulk of the uterus ,  four cells anterior and four cells posterior to the vulva .
uterine toroidal epithelial cell .
uterine toroidal epithelial cell .
uterine toroidal epithelial cell .
uterine toroidal epithelial cell .
membranous cell attaches the uterus to the lateral epidermis  ( seam )  and forms a thin laminar process dorsal to the vulva .
monoucleate interfacial cell between the uterus and vulva  ( uv1 - uv3 )  ,  four sets total  ( l / r ,  a / p ) 
uterine - vulval cell proximal to the vulva .
uterine - vulval cell ,  medial position of three ut cells .
uterine - vulva cell ,  distal  ( of three ut cells )  to the vulva .
gonad of a male animal ,  produces sperm .
essensially a modified rectum ,  junction between the alimentary and genital tracts in the male .
a cell ,  of either sex ,  directly concerned in the production of a new organism .
a female haploid germ cell .
male haploid germ cell .
a cell which gives rise to spermatids by meiosis .
an immature sperm cell which undergoes morphogenesis to form mature ,  amoeboid sperm .
neuron type ,  set of  six neurons in the outer labial sensillum .
neuron in lumbar ganglion .
cell nucleus with a defined lineage .
type of 95 cells that make up muscles of the body wall .
embryonic body wall muscle cell derived from ab lineage .
embryonic body wall muscle cell derived from c lineage .
embryonic body wall muscle cell derived from d lineage .
embryonic body wall muscle cell derived from ms lineage .
seam syncytium on the left flank of an adult animal .
seam syncytium on the right flank of an adult animal .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated laterally at the level of the second bulb of the pharynx .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the ventral ganglion .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies in the ventral ganglion behind the excretory duct .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia .
neuron type ,  neurons that have ciliated nerve endings .
neuron class of two neurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglion close to the ring neuropile .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies in the lateral ganglia .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies in the lateral ganglion .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the ventral ganglion behind the excretory duct .
neuron that have dual motor -  and inter - neuron characteristics .
neuron class of two neurons with ciliated endings ,  in the head ,  with elliptical ,  closed ,  sheet - like processes near the cilium ,  which envelop a piece of hypodermis .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated laterally in the anterior body .
neuron class of two neurons that are closely associated with the excretory canal .
neuron class of two neurons ,  which have ciliated endings situated immediately dorsal to the lateral inner labial sensilla in the head but have no associated sheath or socket cells ;  they have flattened processes in this region of the cilium .
neuron that uses glutamate as a vesicular neurotransmitter .
neuron class of two motoneurons that innervate vulval muscles in the hermaphrodite .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated laterally in the posterior body .
neuron class of two neurons with cell bodies situated in the pre - anal ganglion .
neuron class of two prominent interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lateral ganglia ,  adjacent to the neuropile of the nerve ring .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the posterior regions of the lateral ganglia .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the retro - vesicular ganglion .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the retro - vesicular ganglion .
neuron that uses serotonin as a vesicular neurotransmitter .
neuron class of two interneurons mediate the only direct interconnections between the pharyngeal and the central nervous systems .
neuron class of two interneurons / motoneurons with cell bodies situated sub - dorsally in the lateral ganglion .
neuron that uses vesicular acetylcholine as a neurotransmitter .
neuron class of two motoneurons ,  which innervate head muscles via nmjs in the nerve ring .
neuron class of two motoneurons ,  which innervate muscles in the head via nmjs in the nerve ring .
neuron class of two motoneurons which innervate muscles in the head via nmjs in the nerve ring .
neuron class of two interneurons with laterally located cell bodies .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated laterally ,  anteriorly to the nerve ring .
neuron class of two neurons with cell bodies that are situated sub - dorsally in the pseudocoelomic cavity just posterior to the ring neuropile .
neuron class of two neurons with ciliated endings in the lateral outer labial sensilla .
neuron class of four neurons with ciliated endings and striated rootlets in the dorsal and ventral outer labial sensilla .
member of a set of two cells that generate exclusively sperm and ovum .
an organ system consists of the excretory system and associated glands .
neuron class of two neurons with cell bodies situated in the lumbar ganglion ,  send processes anteriorly ,  which eventually enter the nerve ring ;  they also have posteriorly directed processes that run into the tailspike .
neuron class of nine male - specific neurons ,  innervate dorsal muscles .
male specific cell in ventral cord ,  neuron - like but lacks synapses .
male specific cells in ventral cord ,  neuron - like but lack synapses .
neuron class of two neurons with cell bodies situated in the lumbar ganglion .
neuron class of two male - specific neurons that are associated with fifth male sensory ray ,  a neuron type .
neuron class of two male - specific neurons that are associated with seventh male sensory ray ,  a neuron type .
neuron class of two male - specific neurons that are associated with ninth male sensory ray ,  a neuron type .
neuron class of two male - specific post cloacal sensilla neuron type b .
neuron class of two male - specific post cloacal sensilla neuron type c .
neuron class of two male - specific spicule neuron type c .
neuron class of two male - specific neurons that innervate male spicule .
somatic gonad cell that situates at the distal tip of the hermaphrodite gonad .
one of a pair of cells ,  situates at the distal tip of the male gonad .
somatic cell that situates at the tip of a gonad arm .
valve made of a single syncytium cell of four nuclei ,  connecting spermatheca and uterine of anterior arm of hermaphrodite gonad .
valve made of a single syncytium cell connecting spermatheca and uterine of posterior arm of hermaphrodite gonad .
a syncytium cell that forms a plug in maturing spemathecal - uterine valve of anterior gonad arm .
a syncytium cell that forms a plug in maturing spemathecal - uterine valve of posterior gonad arm .
part of male gonad that holds mature sperm ,  made of a total of 12 nuclei .
any of sheath cells of the anterior gonad arm .
sheath cell of the posterior gonad arm .
embryonic founder cell
embryonic founder cell
embryonic founder cell
embryonic cell
descendent cell of p1 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p2 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p3 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p4 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p5 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p6 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p7 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p8 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p9 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p10 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p11 ,  anterior
descendent cell of p12 ,  anterior
posterior descendent cell of p1 fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
posterior descendent cell of p2 fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
descendent cell of post - embryonic blast cell p3 ,  posterior
descendent cell of post - embryonic blast cell p4 ,  posterior .
descendent cell of p5 ,  posterior
descendent cell of p6 ,  posterior
descendent cell of p7 ,  posterior
descendent cell of p8 ,  posterior
posterior descendent cell of p9 fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
descendent cell of p10 ,  posterior
descendent cell of p11 ,  posterior
descendent cell of p12 ,  posterior
epithelial sheath cell at distal end of the anterior gonad arm ,  no muscle fibers ,  of hermaphrodite .
any of two posterior epithelial sheaths of distal arms ,  no muscle fibers ,  herm gonad
immature gonadal structure of hermaphrodite .
hermaphrodite anterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms .
hermaphrodite posterior epithelial sheath cell of proximal arms .
hypodermis of the male hook .
specialized muscle type in male sex organ .
specialized muscle type in the posterior of adult male .
specialized muscle type in the male .
specialized musle type of the male spicule .
seam cell in male tail ;  does not fuse with main seam ,  does not make alae .
post - embryonic seam cells that make alae ,  hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic seam cells that make alae in the male .
set one type of uterine muscle .
set two type of uterine muscle .
set one type of vulval muscle .
set two type of vulval muscle .
body region surrounding the anus .
sensillum in the head ,  each with a cep receptor neuron .
cephalic sensillum in dorsal left quadrant of worm head .
cephalic sensillum in dorsal right quadrant of worm head .
cephalic sensillum in ventral right quadrant of worm head .
cephalic sensillum in ventral left quadrant of worm head .
cell destined to die by apoptosis  ( programmed cell death ,  pcd )  .
neuron of anterior and post -  deirid sensillum .
sensory organ ,  consists of sensory neurons and supporting cells .
sensory organ of male hook .
precursor cell of the male sensory ray  ( r1 - r9 )  .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 1 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 2 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 3 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 4 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 5 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 6 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 7 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 8 .
precursor of cells that form male sensory ray 9 .
male sensory organ ;  nine bilateral pairs of finger - like rays  ( numbered 1 to 9 ,  left / right )  radiate from the tail and are embedded in a cuticlar fan .
male sensory organ ,  most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  most anterior ,  right side
male sensory organ ,  most anterior ,  left side
male sensory organ ,  second from most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  second from most anterior ,  left side .
male sensory organ ,  second from most anterior ,  right side .
male sensory organ ,  third from most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  fourth from most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  fifth from most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  sixth from most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  seventh from most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  eighth from most anterior .
male sensory organ ,  most posterior .
male sensory organ ,  third from most anterior ,  left side .
male sensory organ ,  third from most anterior ,  right side .
male sensory organ ,  fourth from most anterior ,  left .
male sensory organ ,  fourth from most anterior ,  right .
male sensory organ ,  fifth from most anterior ,  left .
male sensory organ ,  fifth from most anterior ,  right .
male sensory organ ,  sixth from most anterior ,  left .
male sensory organ ,  sixth from most anterior ,  right .
male sensory organ ,  seventh from most anterior ,  left .
male sensory organ ,  seventh from most anterior ,  right .
male sensory organ ,  eighth from most anterior ,  left .
male sensory organ ,  eighth from most anterior ,  right .
male sensory organ ,  most posterior ,  left .
male sensory organ ,  most posterior ,  right .
postdeirid sensillum ,  left .
postdeirid sensillum ,  right .
neuron in the male ray .
type a neuron in male sensory ray .
type b neuron in male sensory ray .
neuron that has neural processes in the nerve ring .
interneuron that has processes in the nerve ring .
neuron class of two interneurons ,  cell bodies in lumber ganglia .
ganglion in the tail region  ( posterior to rectum )  .
hypodermis making up the tail .
an acellular thin cuticle whip formed at the very end of the tail during embryogenesis .
a lineage - defined nucleus .
a lineage - defined nucleus .
nucleus of pedigree b .alapaad
cell ,  anterior descendent of p7 .p
cell ,  posterior descendent of p7 .p
cell ,  anterior daughter of b cell in male
cell ,  posterior daughter of b cell in male
cell ,  anterior daughter of p6 .p
cell ,  posteior daughter of p6 .p
cell ,  anterior daughter of p6 .pa
cell ,  posterior daughter of p6 .pa
cell ,  anterior daughter of p6 .pp
cell ,  posterior daughter of p6 .pp
cell ,  posterior daughter of p6 .ppp
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tl .
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tr .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tl .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tr .
anterior daughter cell of tl .a ,  fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium .
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tl .aa .
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tl .p .
anterior descendent cell of tr .a fuses into postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium hyp7 .
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tr .aa .
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tl .ap .
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tr .ap .
cell ,  which is the anterior descendent of tr .p .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tl .a .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tl .ap .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tl .p .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tl .pp .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tr .a .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tr .ap .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tr .p .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tr .pp .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tl .aa .
cell ,  which is the posterior descendent of tr .aa .
cell ,  anterior descendent of z1 ,  in hermaphrodite .
cell ,  posterior descendent of z1 .
cell ,  posterior descendent of z4 ,  in hermaphrodite .
cell ,  anterior descendent of z4 .
cell ,  anterior descendent of z1 .a .
cell ,  posterior descendent of z1 .a .
cell that exists in and is part of an embryo .
precursor cell of hyp7 postembryonic large hypodermal syncytium ,  hermaphrodite .
a cell that is born in a worm after hatching .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .al
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .ala
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alapaav
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alappd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alpa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alpaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alpap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alpapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .ar
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .ara
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arapaav
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arappd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arpa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arpap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arpapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .ppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .ppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .ppppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_alpha .ld
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_alpha .rd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .l
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .ld
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .lda
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .ldp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .lv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .r
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .rd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .rdp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_beta .rv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_gamma .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_gamma .al
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_gamma .ar
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_gamma .ard
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_gamma .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree caappv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree cpappv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .alapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .alapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .alppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .alppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .arapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .arapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .arppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .arppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plpaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plpap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plpppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .plpppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .praaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .praap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prpaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prpap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prpppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree e .prpppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .l
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .ld
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .lv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .lvd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .r
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .rd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .rv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree f .rvd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree g2 .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h1l .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h1l .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h1l .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h1r .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h1r .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h1r .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2l .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2r .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree h2r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .d
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dl
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dla
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dlaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dlap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dlp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dlpaa ,  only present in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dlpap ,  only present in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dlpp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dr
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .dra
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .draa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .drap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .drp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .drpaa ,  only present in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .drpap ,  only present in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .drpp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .v
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vl
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vla
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vr
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vra
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vraa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree mspapaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p1 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p1 .aaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p1 .aap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p1 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .aap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .paaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .paap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .papa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .ppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .aaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .aap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p12 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p12 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p12 .aaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p12 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p12 .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p2'
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p2 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p2 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p2 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p3'
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p3 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p3 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p3 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p4'
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p4' .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p4' .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p4 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p4 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p4 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p5 .ppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p6 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p6 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p6 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p6 .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p7 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p7 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p7 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p7 .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p7 .ppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p7 .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p8 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p8 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p8 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p9 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p9 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p9 .aap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p9 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree ql .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree ql .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree ql .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree ql .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree ql .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree qr .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree qr .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree qr .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree qr .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree qr .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .aaa
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1l .aap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .ap
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1l .apa .
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1l .app .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .pa
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1l .paa .
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1l .pap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .ppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .aaa
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1r .aap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .ap
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1r .apa .
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1r .app .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .pa
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1r .paa .
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1r .pap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .pp
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm1r .ppa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm1r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .aa
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm2l .aaa .
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm2l .aap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .apa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .aa
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm2r .aaa .
diagonal tail muscle cell of pedigree sm2r .aap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .apa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm2r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .aap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .apa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .aap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .apa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree sm3r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apappaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apappaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .apappap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appapaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .appapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .pppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tl .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .apappaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .appaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .appaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .pppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .l
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .la
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .r
post - embryonic cell of pedigree u .ra
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1l .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1l .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1l .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1r .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1r .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v1r .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2l .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2l .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2l .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2r .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2r .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v2r .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3l .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3l .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3l .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3r .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3r .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v3r .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4l .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4l .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4l .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4r .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4r .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v4r .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .paap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .paapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .pppppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .paap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .paapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .pppppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papapaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .papppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppapaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppppaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppppaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .ppppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pppppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papapaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppapaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree w .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree w .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree w .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree w .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .pl
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .pla
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .plp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .plpp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .pr
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .pra
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .prp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree y .prpp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .appa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .appaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .appap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .appp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .apppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .apppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .apppaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .apppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .apppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .apppapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .apppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paappaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paappaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paappaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paappap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paappapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paappp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pap in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papappp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pappaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pappaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pappaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pappap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pappapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pappapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ a / l ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ a / l ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ a / l ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ p / r ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ p / r ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa [ p / r ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaap ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapa [ a / v ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapa [ p / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapp [ a / v ]   ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut2 syncytium .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapp [ p / d ]  ,  5r configuration ,  a precursor of syncytium ut1 .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppappd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppappv ( 5r )  .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppaad
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppaav
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppapd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppapv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppppad
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppppav
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppppaa ;  a precursor of ut1 syncytium .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppppppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppppppp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppa ,  z1 .ppp ,  z4 .aaa ,  or z4 .aap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa [ a / v ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa [ p / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaap [ a / v ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaap [ p / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaapd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaapv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaapad
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaapav
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaappd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaappv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] ad
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] av
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pa [ a / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pa [ p / v ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pp [ a / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ a / l ] pp [ p / v ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] aa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] aa [ a / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] aa [ p / v ]   ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut2 .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] ap [ a / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] ap [ p / v ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ a / l ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ a / l ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ a / l ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ p / r ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ p / r ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap [ p / r ] p [ p / r ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapaad .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapaav
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapapd
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapapv
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappaa [ a / d ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappaa [ p / v ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappap .
ventral uterus ;  post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappap [ a / d ]   ( 5r )  ,  a precursor of posterior ut3 .
ventral uterus ;  post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappap [ p / v ]   ( 5l )  ,  a precursor of anterior ut4 .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappp [ a / l ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappp [ a / l ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappp [ a / l ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappp [ p / r ] 
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappp [ p / r ] a
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappp [ p / r ] p
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .ap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaaaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaappp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apappp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .app
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appaapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appaapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appaapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appaappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appaappp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .appapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apppa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apppaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .pa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaaa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaapap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaapp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaappa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paaappp
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paap
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paapa
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .paapp
cell that engulfs a cell undergoing programmed cell death  ( pcd ,  apoptosis )  .
a type of interneurons whose synaptic output represent a “final common pathway” to motor neurons .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory neuron associated with copulatory spicules ,  cilliated ,  open to outside at tip of spicule .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory neuron of postcloacal sensilla .
neuron class of two phasmid neurons ,  type a .
neuron class of two phasmid neurons ,  type b .
cell that has the potential to form structural part of a vulva .
any muscle cell that is not pharyngeal .
any of six ventral uterine intermediate precursor cells that are adjacent to the anchor cell and whose progeny are fated to become uv1 and utse cells .
any of six ventral uterine intermediate precursor cells that are not directly adjacent to the anchor cell and whose progeny are fated to become uterine cells other than uv1 and utse cells .
somatic  ( not germline )  cell of the hermaphrodite gonad .
cell of the hermaphrodite spermatheca .
male - specific sex myoblast ,  third ,  left ,  of pedigree m .vlpaa .
male - specific sex myoblast ,  third ,  right ,  of pedigree m .vrpaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .pa ,  only present in male animals .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .paa ,  only present in male animals .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .pap ,  only present in male animals .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .pp ,  only present in male animals .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .ppa ,  only present in male animals .
post - embryonic cell of the pedigree m .dlpa ,  in male animals .
post - embryonic cell of the pedigree m .drpa ,  in male animals .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .alpp ,  only present in males .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arpp ,  only present in males .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .araa ,  only present in males .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b .arpaa ,  only present in males .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_gamma .
constituent cell of a hermaphrodite vulva .
small linear ridges running along the lateral lines of the cuticle ,  lengthwise along the body ;  these thickenings lie in register with the seam cells which likely produce them and are present in the cuticle of the l1 ,  dauer and adult stages ,  but not in other larval stages .
anatomical structure that is an individual member of a species and consists of more than one cell .
neuron class of four male - specific interneurons ,  darkly staining cell bodies in preanal ganglion ,  processes penetrate basement membrane and contact muscles .
neuron class of four large ,  male - specific interneurons with cell bodies in preanal ganglion .
neuron class of one male - specific interneuron ,  called pvpl in hermaphrodite .
neuron class of one male - specific interneuron ,  called pvpr in hermaphrodite .
male specific neuron ,  large cell body in preanal ganglion ,  synaptic inputs from ray neurons ,  class one .
male specific neuron ,  large cell body in preanal ganglion ,  synaptic inputs from ray neurons ,  class two .
male specific neuron ,  large cell body in preanal ganglion ,  synaptic inputs from ray neurons ,  class three .
male specific neuron ,  large cell body in preanal ganglion ,  synaptic inputs from ray neurons ,  class four .
male specific neuron ,  darkly staining cell body in pre -  anal ganglion ,  process penetrate basement membrane and contact muscles ,  class one .
male specific neuron ,  darkly staining cell body in pre -  anal ganglion ,  process penetrate basement membrane and contact muscles ,  class two .
male specific neuron ,  darkly staining cell body in pre -  anal ganglion ,  process penetrate basement membrane and contact muscles ,  class three .
male specific neuron ,  darkly staining cell body in pre -  anal ganglion ,  process penetrate basement membrane and contact muscles ,  class four .
primary cell type that forms the hypodermis .
hypodermal cell that makes up the male hook .
cell that makes up the pharyngeal - intestinal valve .
multi - cellular organism that can produce both male and female gametes .
gonochoristic organism that can produce male gametes .
spicule socket cell ,  left .
spicule socket cell ,  right .
male - specific ,  bi - nucleated hypodermal cell formed by the sisters of t .
any of two cells that generate all somatic tissues of the gonad proper  ( i .e .
two embryonic hypodermal cells  ( xxxl ,  xxxr )  that may provide a scaffold for the early organization of ventral bodywall muscles and the various socket cells in the lateral and ventral lips .
nucleus of pedigree b .arpaa
nucleus of pedigree b .alpp
nucleus of pedigree b .araa
nueleus of pedigree b .arpp
nucleus of pedigree b .arpapp
nucleus of pedigree b .alapapp
nucleus which adopts either the developmental fate of pedigree b_alpha or b_beta .
nucleus of pedigree b_alpha
nucleus of pedigree b_beta
nucleus of lineage b_alpha .l
nucleus of lineage b_alpha .r
nucleus of pedigree b_delta
nucleus of pedigree b_gamma
nucleus of pedigree u .lp
nucleus of lineage m .dlpa in male
nucleus of lineage m .dlpa in hermaphrodite
nucleus of pedigree m .drpa in male
nucleus of pedigree m .drpa in hermaphrodite
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaa in male
nucleus of pedigree m .vlpaa in hermaphrodite
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaa in male
nucleus of pedigree m .vrpaa in hermaphrodite
nucleus of pedigree p1 or p2
nucleus of pedigree p1 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p2 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p3 or p4
nucleus of pedigree p3 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p4 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p3 .aapa
nucleus of pedigree p3 .aapp
nucleus of pedigree p5 or p6
nucleus of pedigree p5 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p6 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p7 or p8
nucleus of pedigree p7 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p8 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p9 or p10
nucleus of pedigree p9 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p10 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p11 or p12
nucleus of pedigree p11 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p12 ,  post - embryonic
nucleus of pedigree p11 .pa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .pp
nucleus of pedigree p11 .paa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .pap
nucleus of pedigree p11 .ppa
nucleus of pedigree p11 .ppp
nucleus of pedigree tl .apapa
nucleus of pedigree tl .appapaaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apapa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apapp
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappp
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappap
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappaaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappapa
nucleus of pedigree tr .apappapp
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appap
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaaap
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaaaaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaaaap
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaaapa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appaaapp
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapp
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapap
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapaaa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapapa
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapaap
nucleus of pedigree tr .appapapp
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paa ,  terminally divided in male .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .paa ,  not terminally divided in male .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaa ,  terminally divided in male .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aaa ,  not terminally divided in male .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapaaa in male .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .aapaap in male .
nucleus which adopts either the developmental pedigree b_gamma or b_delta .
neuron class of two interneurons with cell bodies situated in the lumbar ganglia .
nucleus of hyp8 or hyp9 cell .
nucleus of hyp8 cell .
nucleus of hyp9 cell .
pda neuron in male .
pda neuron in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of cell avfl or avfr .
male tail seam cell ,  r1 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r1 right .
male tail seam ,  r2 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r2 right .
male tail seam cell ,  r3 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r3 right .
male tail seam cell ,  r4 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r4 right .
male tail seam cell ,  r5 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r5 right .
male tail seam cell ,  r6 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r6 right .
male tail seam cell ,  r7 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r7 right .
male tail seam cell ,  r8 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r8 right .
male tail seam cell ,  r9 left .
male tail seam cell ,  r9 right .
nucleus of pedigree abprppppapa .
nucleus of pedigree abprppppapa in hermaphrodite .
a rectal epithelial cell in hermaphrodite .
a post - embryonic blast cell in male .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .p .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .p in male .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .a .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .a in male .
cell destined to become or fuse with multinuclear hyp7 hypodermal cell .
hyp7 syncytium in male .
hyp7 syncytium in hermaphrodite .
a binuclear syncytium ,  used during embryogenesis to make tail spike ,  then die .
cell that is mononuclear and has a strong potential to fuse with other cell ( s )  to form a multinucleated cell .
cell that has more than one nucleus .
nucleus of pedigree p10 .p in male .
nucleus of pedigree p10 .p in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree p11 .p in male .
nucleus of pedigree p11 .p in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree tl .apap in male .
nucleus of pedigree tl .apap in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree tr .apap in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree tr .apap in male .
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v5l .pppa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v5r .pppa in hermaphrodite .
nuelceus of pedigree v5r .pppa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .papa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pppa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .ppppa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v6r .papa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pppa in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppa in male .
nucleus of pedigree v6r .ppppa in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .aap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p10 .aap in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aap in male .
nucleus of pedigree p10 .aap in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p9 .aap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p9 .aap in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aap in male .
nucleus of pedigree p9 .aap in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .aap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .aap in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aap in male .
nucleus of pedigree p11 .aap in hermaphrodite .
descendent cell of post - embryonic blast cell p3 ,  posterior in male .
descendent cell of post - embryonic blast cell p3 ,  posterior in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree p3 .p in male .
nucleus of pedigree p3 .p in hermaphrodite .
blast cell lying ventrolaterally in the late embryo and l1 larval stage which divides during the late l1 larva in stereotypical reiterated fashion to give rise to many motor neurons which begin function in the ventral cord and preanal ganglion of the early l2 larva ,  as well as hypodermal cells  ( which fuse into hyp7 )  and a series of programmed cell deaths .
descendent cell of post - embryonic blast cell p4 ,  posterior ,  in male .
descendent cell of post - embryonic blast cell p4 ,  posterior ,  in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of post - embryonic pedigree p4 .p in male .
nucleus of post - embryonic pedigree p4 .p in hermaphrodite .
descendent cell of p5 ,  posterior ,  in male .
descendent cell of post - embryonic blast cell p5 ,  posterior ,  in hermaphrodite .
seam syncytium on the left flank of an adult male .
seam syncytium on the right flank of an adult male .
seam syncytium on the right flank of an adult hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v6l .pappp male .
nucleus of pedigree v5l .ppppp in male .
nucleus of pedigree v5l .ppppp in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree v6r .pappp male .
postembryonic seam hypodermal cells ,  make alae ,  found in both male and hermaphrodite .
ut1 of anterior gonad arm .
ut1 of posterior gonad arm .
ut2 of posterior gonad arm .
ut2 of anterior gonad arm .
ut3 of anterior gonad arm .
ut3 of posterior gonad arm .
ut4 of anterior gonad arm .
ut4 cell of posterior uterus .
anterior ut1 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
anterior ut1 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut1 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut1 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
anterior ut2 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
anterior ut2 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut2 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut2 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
anterior ut3 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
anterior ut3 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
anterior ut4 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
anterior ut4 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut3 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut3 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut4 cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
posterior ut4 cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
these cells include: b ,  f ,  y ,  u ,  k' and k . all rectal epithelial cells contain secretory membrane stacks along this region facing the lumenal cuticle and produce some portion of the cuticular lining of the rectum .
seminal vesicle cell of male gonad .
cell of vas deferens of male gonad .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .pappa in hermaphrodite .
cell of male gonad .
precursor cell of hermaphrodite spermathecal uterine valve syncytium and uterine core syncytium .
anterior spermathecal - uterine valve cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
anterior spermathecal - uterine valve cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
anterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaapa  ( 5r )  .
posterior spermathecal - uterine valve cell whose nuclei followed the 5l lineage configuration during development .
posterior spermathecal - uterine valve cell whose nuclei followed the 5r lineage configuration during development .
posterior spermathecal - uterine junction ;  cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaapa  ( 5l )  .
a single syncytium cell of four nuclei makes a valve ,  connecting spermatheca and uterus of hermaphrodite gonad .
a syncytium cell that forms a plug in a maturing spemathecal - uterine valve .
utse whose nuclei followed lineage configuration 5l in development .
utse whose nuclei followed lineage configuration 5r in development .
uv1 cell that follows 5l lineage configuration in development .
uv1 cell that follows 5r lineage configuration in development .
cell of pedigree abplapppappa in male .
cell of pedigree abprapppappa in male .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int3d .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int3v .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int4d .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int4v .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int5l .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int5r .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int6l .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int6r .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int7l .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int7r .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int8l .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int8r .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int9l .
post - embryonic ,  binucleated int9r .
linker cell of the pedigree z1 .paa .
linker cell of the pedigree z4 .aaa .
cell of pedigree u .lp .
cell of pedigree u .rp .
rectal epithelial cell in hermaphrodite .
rectal epithelial cell in hermaphrodite .
rectal epithelial cell in hermaphrodite .
seminal vesicle ,  outer ;  cell of the pedigree z1 .paapp or z4 .aaapp .
nuclei of pedigree z1 .paa or z4 .aaa in male .
pair of nuclei z1 .paa and z4 .aaa in male of which z1 .paa will become the nucleus for the linker cell .
pair of nuclei z1 .paa and z4 .aaa in male of which z4 .aaa will become the nucleus for the linker cell .
cell of vas deferens that followed the 1l lineage configuration  ( z1 .paa becomes the linker cell )  of development .
cell of vas deferens that followed the 4l lineage configuration  ( z4 .aaa becomes the linker cell )  of development .
body wall muscle of ventral left lateral position .
body wall muscle of ventral left medial position .
ventral left quadrant muscle of body wall .
post - embryonic body wall muscle cell derived from m lineage .
ventral right quadrant muscle of body wall .
dorsal left quadrant muscle of body wall .
dorsal right quadrant muscle of body wall .
logitudinal quadrant of body wall muscle .
body wall muscle of dorsal right quadrant lateral row .
body wall muscle of dorsal right quadrant medial row .
body wall muscle of ventral right quadrant lateral row .
body wall muscle of ventral right quadrant medial row .
body wall muscle of dorsal left quadrant lateral row .
body wall muscle of dorsal left quadrant medial row .
precursor cell of pm1 syncytium .
precursor cell of pm2 syncytium .
precursor cell of pm3 .
precursor cell of pm4 .
precursor cell of pm5 syncytium .
cell of the protodeum .
neuron class of two interneuron / motor neurons ,  posterior ventral cord ,  few synapses .
hypodermal support cell that form a tube surrounding ray neuron dendrites .
precursor cell of ,  before fusion to form vulval syncytia vula ( 4 )  ,  vulc ( 4 )  ,  vuld ( 2 )  ,  vule ( 4 )  and vulf ( 4 )  .
ventral uterine precursor cell in the 5r configuration of development .
ventral uterine precursor cell in the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppa in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaa in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppa in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppa in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaa in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5l configuration of development ;  anchor cell and utse precursor
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaa in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aap in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppp in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppp in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppp in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppp in hermaphrodite that will follow the 5r configuration of development ;  anchor cell and utse precursor .
uterine pi cell that follows the 5l configuration of development .
uterine pi cell that follows the 5r configuration of development .
uterine rho cell that follows the 5l configuration of development .
uterine rho cell that follows the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapa that follows the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapa that follows the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapp that follows the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapp that follows the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaa that follows the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppapa that follows the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaap in hermaphrodite .
seminal vesicle ,  inner ;  cell of pedigree z1 .pppaap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaap that follows the 5l configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaap that follows the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapaa that follows the 5r configuration of development .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapaa that follows the 5l configuration of development .
precursor cell of syncytial mc3 .
syncytial g1 gland cell ,  formed by fusion between g1ar and g1p cells .
syncytial seam cell in male tail ,  left .
syncytial seam cell in male tail ,  right .
precursor cell of male tail seam syncytia .
syncytial hypodermal cell of the tip of male tail ;  migrates anteiorly during male tail morphogenesis .
nucleus of cell avfl .
nucleus of cell avfr .
blast cell that divides to become mostly vas deferens cells  ( and a few seminal vesicle cells )  .
vas deferens precursor that follows the 1l configuration  ( z1 .paa becomes the linker cell )  of development .
vas deferens precursor that follows the 4l configuration  ( z4 .aaa becomes the linker cell )  of development .
cell of pedigree z1 .pap in male .
cell of pedigree z1 .pap .
cell of pedigree z4 .aaa that follows the 1l configuration  ( z1 .paa becomes the linker cell )  of development in male .
cell of pedigree z1 .paa in hermaphrodite .
cell of pedigree z1 .paa in male .
cell of pedigree z1 .paa that follows the 4l configuration  ( z4 .aaa becomes the linker cell )  of development in male .
a region around premature germline ,  consists of cells of pedigree z1 and z4 ,  which develops to become the somatic gonad .
gonadal primordium in male .
gonadal primordium in hermaphrodite .
cell born in embryo that dies in hermaphrodite but counterpart becomes cemdr in male .
cell that is born in embryo ,  dies in hermaphrodite but counter part becomes cdmdl in male .
cell that is born in embryo ,  dies in hermaphrodite ,  but counterpart becomes cemvl in male .
cell that is born in embryo ,  dies in hermaphrodite ,  but counterpart becomes cemvr in male .
blast cell which divides to product sex - specific muscle cells .
portion of the digestive tract between the oral opening and the definitely tri - radiate beginning of the esophagus  ( pharynx )  .
cytoplamic ring that surrounds the anterior of the buccal cavity .
nucleated cell which has a diploid set of chromosomes .
epithelial support cell of the amphid sensilla .
male diagonal muscle on the right side .
male diagonal muscle on the left side .
anal depressor muscle of a male animal .
anal depressor muscle of a hermaphrodite animal .
body wall muscle cell on the dorsal side of animal .
body wall muscle cell on the ventral side of animal .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type a of ray one .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type a of ray two .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type a of ray three .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type a of ray four .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type a of ray six .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type a of ray eight .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray one .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray two .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray three .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray four .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray five .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray six .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray seven .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray eight .
neuron class of two male - specific sensory ray neurons type b of ray nine .
sheath cell of the cephalic sensilla .
cell of lineage abaraappaaa ,  normally becomes mi pharyngeal neuron .
a structure surrounds the lumen of pharyngeal terminal bulb that is formed by folded cuticles and serves the function of grinding up food ,  bacteria .
tail lateral ectoblasts that give rise to neurons ,  hypodermis and glial lineages .
hypodermal socket cell of the phasmid sensillum .
anterior deirid sheath cell .
inner labial sheath cell .
outer labial sheath cell .
postcloacal sheath cell .
posterior deirid sheath cell .
anterior deirid socket cell .
cephalic socket cell .
inner labial socket cell .
outer labial socket cell .
postcloacal socket cell .
post - deirid socket cell .
anatomical part of the body which is involved in sexual reproduction and constitutes the reproductive system .
antomical structure of the male involved in sexual reproduction .
a sclerotized cuticular structure at the base of the male tail fan which houses the retracted spicules and guides the eversion of the spicules through the anus .
a small lump on the gubernaculum of the male tail .
the extreme anterior portion of the body .
the fluid - filled compartment inside the developing embryo at the onset of gastrulation ,  surrounded by the early blastomeres ,  into which some cells begin to migrate at gastrulation to create a multi - layered embryo .
a hole in the ventral / posterior side of the embryo caused by the inward flow of cells during gastrulation .
one of two small cells produced ,  each during one of the two meiotic cell divisions ,  which are then discarded in the creation of the haploid germ cell .
neuron that senses changes of co2 concentration in the environment .
neuron that senses and responds to mechanical stimuli ,  such as touch .
neuron that senses and responds to oxygen .
neuron that senses and responds to changes in osmolarity in the environment .
neuron that senses pain .
cell of the epithelia of uterus .
ventral uterine precursor cell derived from the 5l developmental configuration .
ventral uterine precursor cell derived from the 5r developmental configuration .
neuron class of two interneuron in posterior ventral cord .
a cell that is the m blast cell or is a lineal descendant of m .
an anatomical region of the male vas deferens that is adjacent to the seminal vesicle .
cell of the vas deferens valve region .
a region of vas deferens ,  positioned posterior to the valve and anterior to the elongated cell region ,  formed by cells of cuboidal morphology .
a region of vas deferens ,  positioned posterior to the cuboidal cell region ,  formed by cells of elongated morphology .
cell of cuboidal morphology in male vas deferens .
cell of elongated morphology in male vas deferens .
neuron class of two neurons with cell bodies situated in the lumbar ganglia .
embryonic cell which descends from the same parent cell as a germline blastomere .
embryonic cell that has the developmental potential to generate a germ cell .
cell of pedigree v5r .pppa .fate diverges in male and hermaphrodite .
cell of pedigree v5l .pppa .fate diverges in male and hermaphrodite .
cell of pedigree b_delta ,  post - embryonic blast cell in the male .
nucleus of pedigree w .aaa or p1 .aaaa ,  to become either avfl or avfr nucleus .
nucleus of pedigree abplapaapp or abprapaapp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree w .aaa .
nucleus of pedigree abprappaaa or abplappaaa .
nucleus of pedigree abprappaap or abplappaap .
nucleus of pedigree abprappapp or abplappapp .
nucleus of pedigree abprapapap or abplapapap .
nucleus of pedigree b .alaa or b .araa .
nucleus of pedigree b .alpp or b .arpp .
nucleus of pedigree abplpppapap or abprpppapap .
nucleus of pedigree abplapappa or abprapappa .
nucleus of pedigree z1 .ppp  ( 5r )  or z4 .aaa  ( 5l )  .
post - embryonic male cell of pedigree z1 .paaaapa .
postembryonic male cell of pedigree z1 .pppaaa .
post - embryonic hermaphrodite cell of pedigree z1 .papapa .
post - embryonic hermaphrodite cell of pedigree z1 .paapa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paaaaa .
embryonic hermaphrodite cell of pedigree z1 .pappp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paaaapp .
post - embryonic hermaphrodite cell of pedigree z1 .pappa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaapp .
post - embryonic hermaphrodite cell of pedigree z1 .paapp .
post - embryonic hermaphrodite cell of pedigree z1 .papapp .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaappa .
post - embryonic male cell of pedigree z1 .paaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paaaappa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paaaap .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paaaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5r .ppppp in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapppp ,  5r configuration .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapppp ,  5l configuration .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapppa ,  5l configuration .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapppa ,  5r configuration .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaapa ,  in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p11 .p in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapaap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapaaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .apap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .apapp in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .apappa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .apappaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree tr .apappap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .papa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vrpaa in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaa in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_alpha .l in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree b_alpha .r in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p6 .aap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapapa ,  5r configuration .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapapp ,  5r configuration .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .ppppa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree m .vlpaapp in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pppa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree p7 .aap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v5l .ppppp in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6r .pappp male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree v6l .pappp male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaaaa ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapa ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapa ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapp ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaapp ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paap in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .paap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaaa in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaap in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .papaap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaa ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppaa ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppap ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .ppap ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppa ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z1 .pppp ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaa ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaaa in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaap ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaaaap in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaap ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aaap ,  in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapa ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapa ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapa ,  in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapp ,  in male .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapp ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aapp ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappaa ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappaa ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappap ,  5l configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .aappap ,  5r configuration in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaaaa in hermaphrodite .
post - embryonic cell of pedigree z4 .apaaaa in male .
an apparatus for laying eggs of the hermaphrodite reproductive system ,  consists of the uterus ,  the uterine muscles ,  the vulva ,  the vulval muscles ,  and a local neuropil formed by the egg - laying neurons .
a cell that is the c blast cell or is a lineal descendant of c .
a cell that is the d blast cell or is a lineal descendant of d .
a cell that is the p embryonic blast cell or is a lineal descendant of p .
a diploid immature germ cell which forms in the gonad when a spermatogonial stem cell buds off from the rachis to form a single cell that quickly enters metaphase i and divides to form secondary spermatocytes attached to a residual body .
a haploid immature germ cell which forms in the gonad by the division of a diploid primary spermatocyte .
a cell that is ql or qr blast cell or is a lineal descendant of ql or qr .
a blast cell from which a neuron develops .
gonochoristic organism that can produce female gametes .
head lateral ectoblast which gives rise to hypodermal cells in the head .
ventrolateral ectoblast of the body that gives rise to neurons ,  hypodermis and seam cells .
one of a pair of lateral neuroblasts that migrate separately within the body cavity during larval stages to produce a variety of cell types .
ventral ganglion neuroblasts present at hatching ,  located near the excretory pore .
muscle cell of the alimentary canal ,  excluding the pharynx .
a cell that is a sex myoblast or is a lineal descendant of a sex myoblast .
an sm lineage cell in a male animal .
an sm lineage cell in a hermaphrodite animal .
male - specific blast cell which divides to product muscle cell .
hermaphrodite - specific blast cell which divides to product muscle cell .
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
postembryonic blast cells for ventral cord motorneurons ,  ventral hypodermis ,  vulva ,  male preanal ganglion ;  ventral hypodermis in l1 .
a cell that is the b post - embryonic blast cell or is a lineal descendant of b ,  in male .
the remnant the midbody from the first embryonic cell division ,  eventually becomes absorbed by the ems blastomere .
motor neuron that controls the movement of the head and the neck .
a cell that is the ab blast cell or is a lineal descendant of ab .
neuron class of male specific interneurons  ( mystery cells of the male )  that are born at the early l4 stage ,  when the male undergoes sexual maturation .
left cell of mcm neuron class .
right cell of mcm neuron class .
nucleus of the pedigree abplpaapapaa .
nucleus of the pedigree abplpaapapap .
nucleus of the pedigree abprpaapapap .
nucleus of the pedigree abprpaapapaa .
amsol cell in hermaphrodite animal .
amsol cell in male animal .
amsor cell in hermaphrodite animal .
amsor cell in male animal .
amsol cell in male prior to cell division in l4 .
amsol cell in male formed after amsol early cell divides in l4 .
amsor cell in male prior to cell division in l4 .
amsor cell in male formed after amsor early cell divides in l4 .
a cell that is the ms blast cell or is a lineal descendant of ms .
anatomical structure that is a direct part of the cell .
a lobe of the gonad .
a neuron belonging to a class of 2 bilateral ,  cholinergic ,  peptidergic ,  male - specific ,  ciliated neurons generated by transdifferentiation from a male phso1 glial cell in the late l4 larval stage of a male c . elegans animal .
the left phd neuron of the pair of bilateral phd neurons in a male c . elegans animal .
the right phd neuron of the pair of bilateral phd neurons in a male c . elegans animal .
the adult male tail including the the lateral fan and rays .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appp in male .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appp in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaaap in male .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaaap in hermaphrodite .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaaaa in hermaphrodite .
t1 xunion_of t2 means that t1 is the union of t2 and one  ( or more )  other term ,  exclusively .
an entity that exists in full at any time in which it exists at all ,  persists through time while maintaining its identity and has no temporal parts .
an entity that has temporal parts and that happens ,  unfolds or develops through time .
a continuant that is a bearer of quality and realizable entity entities ,  in which other entities inhere and which itself cannot inhere in anything .
an occurrent that has temporal proper parts and for some time t ,  p s - depends_on some material entity at t .
an independent continuant that is spatially extended whose identity is independent of that of other entities and can be maintained through time .
nucleus of pedigree z4 .appaaaa in male .
